Is a non matched 401k worthwile?
Should I Buy a Home in this Economy?
Should you Buy or Rent?
Save Money or Pay Off Debt?
Why was this reddit banned???
How much do you keep in an Emergency Fund?
Can an Emergency Fun be too big? I say, No.
What is debt settlement and is Freedom Debt Relief a good debt settlement company?
What should you do if you lied to your life insurance company?
Watson Inc: Should You Buy A House Outright?: Eliminate Consumer Debt and Build Wealth
IRS Red Flags: What Triggers an IRS Tax Audit?
Missed a Payment with CitiCard? - The Credit CARD Act Won't Protect You.
What Are Your Rights as a Credit Card Customer? 
What are your best personal finance videos ? 
Would an extra $300,000 help?
Credit Card Debt Problem? Essential Resources to Beat Credit Card Debt
Late Estimated Tax Payment | What Should You Do?
Best places to get a Roth IRA?
Why Four Percent?  - Rainstone Financial
Why is personal finance education not mandated in public schools?
You save. Now What?
Post Office is considering a 2 cent postage stamp increase - what are you best tips for saving money in shipping?
Should You Trust Mint.com?
Do You Know Your Daily Salary? Use it to Better Understand Your Money
Top personal finance blogs.. What says you?
Financial IQ Test: How Healthy Is Your Financial Plan?
Have 10 minutes to spare? Here are 20 ways to shape up your finances in just that time.
I'm looking to set up a scholarship fund, does anyone have any experience doing this? Is it difficult to navigate the IRS rules? I want to give back to the community and I'd appreciate any help you could give. Thanks!
Reddit, do you have Section 8 landlord experience?
Probably the best forex-teaching site I've seen, anybody have any luck with forex trading?
How can I plan to receive the best possible return on selling my home?
Seeking advice for paying pmi upfront. Do all lenders allow it? 
What are your best personal finance apps and sites?
Any advice on planning your parent's retirement?
Are you being controlled by a Lizard?
What Separates Millionaires From The Average Joe? Discipline, Frugality and Moderation.
What Happens If The Bush Tax Cuts Expire On January 1st 2011?
Benefit to more credit cards?
Roth IRA: Can we withdraw the principal amount we contribute to Roth IRA, without penalty? Anyone who has done it?
12 Months to establish credit... Can it be done?
529 college savings plan for a laptop?
Paying too much for your mutual funds?
Could anyone shed some light into ISA savings in the UK? A little confused here ...
Tips/info for someone getting their first mortgage?
How healthy are your finances? Really cool calculator 
Just bought a house - contribute less to 401k and pay down mortgage faster?
I have about 50-60k each year which I want to invest. Where should I go? Rental property? 
At what point does it make sense to consider foreclosing on a mortgage?  We're underwater.
Site for coupons &amp; saving money when grocery shopping?
Do pre-tax 401(k) contributions have to be paycheck deductions?
xpost from Finance: Using credit cards to offset college loan payments?
I'm doing my research on buying this 250k condo. Input from anyone who owns a rental property? 
How to best handle a wrongful collection on my credit report?
Dear Reddit, I'm 22 and want to be prepared for the future. What are my best investment options? 
Where should I keep my emergency fund?
How many bank accounts do you have?
Is Owning Your House Outright a Bad Idea?
Contributed to a Traditional IRA but now find I exceed the income limit. What do I do?
Winning the lottery: Does it guarantee happiness?
My boss insists on paying under the table.  How do I make it legit?
Who wants to tell me (in simplified terms) how education tax credits work?
Found some Stock Certificates, Intel?
Your most dangerous possession? Your smartphone
Are You Hiding Behind What You’re Good At?

I'm considering switching banks/checking accounts, but I have a credit card with my current bank...what do I do?
putting all spare investment money into retirement accounts vs cash accounts? anyone *not* using cash investment accounts? my budget scenario inside
What, if anything, will happen to the stock market if Wikileaks takes down BoA?
Chase puts a hold on my paycheck for a couple of days if I deposit it into my account. Yet, I'm able to cash the check on the spot and deposit the cash. What's the point of the hold?
This year I only made &lt;$400 (mostly investments). I live abroad now with an offshore bank account - do I need to file a tax report?
Reddit, can you advise me with saving? 
When Will Jobs ad Housing Improve?
Pay off debt or start savings?
I've heard nothing but good things about USAA, what is your opinion Reddit? (Military and Non-military)
Can you help personal finance create a new logo?
How do I plan when tax rules keep changing?
Employers Look at Credit Reports | Ludicrous or Smart Business?
Best place to pull (free) Credit Report?
New college grad, how much can I afford to spend on rent?
Clearing a foreclosure off your credit report?
I just graduated and I would like to invest some savings. How/Where? 
I'm an idiot and I think I've done some serious damage to myself financially.  I'm 23 and completely confused.  Advice?  (Xposted from askreddit)

Best credit card rewards program?
Re: Income taxes, how many people opt for "payment on filing" rather than "deduction at source"?
Reddit, I'm 23 Years Old. Made $156k last year (with bonuses), have about $120k in the bank. Salary is $121k this year. What should i do?
Advice requested: How to get 3K cash with smallest repayments possible? (UK)
starting a job in a week.  i have huge medical debt from being really sick for years and unable to pay, how to resolve at minimal cost and credit impact?
I'm young but looking to save for retirement. Tips?
Best "Credit Monitoring" Service for a Redditor?
How do I start a Roth IRA??
Hi Reddit, can you give me some IRA advice?
Tax Return: Pay off credit card completely or partially?
Pay off auto loan or invest cash?
State of US Personal Finance: How Are We Doing?
I'm a foreign worker in the US. Could I ask your advice about 401ks?
How can I help my older brother be responsible with money? (xpost from AskReddit)
Can anyone explain to me what an ETF is?  
I was left a non-spousal Beneficiary IRA. Halp?
How are personal finance and picking up women similar?
Should I file my own taxes or have my accountant sister handle it?
Reddit, I want to invest in some stocks, any tips??
Best resource to learn how to start an online business?
Should I pay cash for a car or get a loan?
If you had $10k to use however you wanted... How would you use it to make more money? (xpost from Askreddit)
Best funds for roth ira?
What does everyone use for performance calculation?
34, wife is 38. We blew her retirement on a failed business. I make good money now. Steps to plan for future?
Opened a Roth IRA with Scottrade, what's the next best move after maxing out my yearly contributions?
Spending Consciously: What is Your Best Day-to-Day Money Saving Tip? 
Graduating this year, will run out of money before I start work. Help?
Fiscal responsibility is calling my name.  How do I answer?
USA Tax question: How many allowances on a w4 form am I supposed to claim? (single, no kids)
Is .9% fee a bad price to pay for an extremely diversified investment?
So, I have recently come into an extra $400/month...What should I do with it!?
What do treasury bonds do? Would a treasury bond ETF be good to hedge against the rest of my portfolio?
Am I making a mistake hedging stocks with bonds?
Northwestern Mutual insurance policy experiences?
How do I calculate how much money I need to make in order to live?
Hoping to buy a house in the fall. Whats the best way I can keep my savings working in the mean time?
Why did most of my (and all of my spouses) W-2s have 0 federal taxes withheld?
Should I purchase a 550K house?
Hey guys, I'm writing my first real resume and applying for a job in the field of financial planning. I need help creating a graph of my gains in an account I was constantly withdrawing from. Can you guys help? Is there some user friendly software available or should I start battling in excel?
What goes into car insurance premiums?
How much can I late contribute to my IRA before filing my taxes?
Interest Rates at its highest in 10 months. Refinance now as it won't retreat or wait it out?
Best strategies for contributing to Roth IRA when income is uncertain?
Can anyone please assess my financial situation? I am a fairly well-off 22 year old professional.
What does studying finance and working in finance actually entail?
I have $30K in savings... how should I invest it?
What funds should I choose for my 401k?
Investing in British housing market - yay or nay? 
I have 10K of old debt. Thinking of settling with companies. Whats best approach?
How do you invest wisely with interest rates so low (and inflation what it is)?
How do I say "no" when co-workers are collecting money for things?
Is there a way to make car payments (or student loan) with a credit card?
Which credit card should I apply for to build my credit?
Can I deposit stock into my IRA in lieu of cash?
I'm working on improving my credit, any suggestions?
Overseas savings account?
could conceivably graduate with no debt, suggestions?
IRA or Emergency Fund?
Credit is recovering, just paid off all cards... Do I let them sit with zero balance or use and pay off?
Is it true that you shouldn't use more than 30% of your credit limit?
In need of advice, pay off all of my debt but use all my reserves? 
Teenage drivers: In the Case of an Accident, Will a Claim be Covered?
Taxes - what books would you recommend to understand them?
Chase Freedom "upgrade" to a Chase Slate?
What should I do with my saved money at 16?
Where should I get a mutual fund for $1k?
Should I be building credit in college?
How can I set up a bank account in Europe to use while traveling there?
Just married: lots of debt, 2 houses, what to sell?
Surrender half my life savings or keep making min. payments?
Want to switch credit cards, should I close my current card?
I have a few thousand to invest, which investment firm is the lesser of evils?
Can a Roth IRA be rolled from a bank to somewhere like Vanguard?
Should I consider buying a condo?
What personal finance software do you use?
You know the BofA (and other) ATM's that let you deposit cash and checks?
I'm 25 years old and have $8k sitting in a savings account, what to do with it?
Getting killed on commissions. Better way to invest?
Long-term Investing Plan:  Is this too risky?
Extended vacations look pretty good on paper (especially during Chicago winter), but how should you handle your insurance coverage during a long vacay?
A school loan that I fully paid-off last year apparently went into collections without my knowing. Now I owe twice the amount that I already paid. Fraud? Dispute? Help?
What does it all mean? (Young guy trying to invest)
Would this balance transfer do me more harm or good?
Student loans: Paying in advance vs. prepayment?
Credit card debt paid in April; What now?
Investing a portion of emergency fund in Roth IRA?
How do taxes work for contractor work?
About to buy a new house and I was just late on a mortgage payment.  How much is this going to affect my credit report?
I want to try my hand at stocks.  How do I start?
Anyone have real info on Mortgage Modification?
Delinquent Payment on Credit Card SNAFU - Any advice?
How to invest in 3D printing?
What to do with my savings?
Personalfinance, I have $900. If I wanted to invest this money, what should I invest it in?
Should I rollover my 401K?
Anyone want to offer me some basic good advice on doing taxes?
Nickels and forever stamps -- better investments than stocks or bonds?
Advice: Should I buy US dollars?
Switching banks, what are the downsides?
New job, 45k, want to build credit &amp; save for a car. Wat do?
Any reason a debt collector would advise you not to file taxes?
Trying to help a friend. Student Loans -&gt; Defaulted -&gt; Collection Account. What to do?
What are my obligations if my employer overpaid me?
I am a college student, nearing graduation. I feel like it's time to start managing my finances better. Where do I get started?
Will closing my credit card affect my credit score?
How do I forex?
Can anyone tell me the benefits of laddering CD's?
Where do you invest your emergency fund?
PF what are your views going long calls with far out expirations?
How to get out of a financial hole when you make *much* less than you owe?
"MERS": How can a private corporation have title to 60 million mortgages, and then foreclose on homeowners, when it has not invested a dollar in a single loan? 

I own a mortgage free house in the SF Bay area earning ~4% net based on current property values. Should I sell and invest in the market or get a mortgage and buy more property?
Does my credit card company make any money off of me?
When Should You Take Social Security? 
Should You Pay Off Your Home Before You Retire?
Did I screw myself trying to make a partial payment deal with HSBC?
So, what's your opinion on using a financial advisor?
Rebuilding credit score?
Financial advice for a student who is about to take a year off of school to go to Europe? (Credit Card? Savings Account?)
Debit Cards: $50 spending limit coming?
Who do you bank with?
Opinions on Vanguard STAR fund?
Something like Mint.com for Canadians?
HELP! I had to pay back my unemployment insurance in 2010, can I write it off on my taxes?
Need some guidance on the long list of funds to invest in for my 401(k). Please halp?
Just opened a new Sharebuilder Account with about $2,000. How much should I invest each month?
Should I request a credit line increase on my credit card?
Why am I being rejected for a second credit card?
Headed back to grad school - where to go from here?
soon to graduate with loan debt and little income. what to do? 
Credit Unions: filtering by interest rate on checkings accounts?
Trying to choose a credit card. Help? (Crossposted from AskReddit.)
How much money did you save today?
Will switching to a credit union hurt my credit score? 
My folks are underwater on their house. When they die, what happens to that debt? 
Green Stocks Good, Red Stocks Bad?  Well this is easy...
International Refinance Option?
Cash back on your monthly housing costs?
What type of IRA is right for me (and other questions)?
Which Canadian online broker to use?
Personal Finance, what are your financial goals?
Putting off Saving/Investing...thoughts?
Can I claim the American Opportunity Credit?
Employee stock option or maximize 401(k)?
Considering changing jobs, what can I do with my 403(b)?
Pay Off A 3 or 12 Year Loan?
Saving up for grad school by investing in Vanguard mutual fund?
What is the equivalent of a Vanguard mutual fund in Canada?
Advice for a grad student who has made decent decisions thus far?
How would you invest right now if you had $5k/$10k/$50k/$100k?
Reliable return on 1k?
Advice - what to do with savings when we move out of the country?
Complete Financial Noob looking to begin investing by the end of the summer, starting point?
I'm 17. I know nothing about investing. I want to put some of my money into a compound interest [account]? What do I do? Where do I start? What is a RothIRA and is it practical for this age? [X-post, but I want YOUR advice. :) ]
Can someone help me with a corporate finance question on options?
Are there any phone apps that make keeping track of your expenses easy?
How to invest well as a high school grad?
Is there a totally hands off way to see how much money do I have left to spend till my next paycheck? I can't believe Mint still doesn't have that kind of feature, considering that Quicken did. 
Need Advice: Franchise for young couple? Help please.
Advice? Bank won't accept short sale offers, and keeps extending foreclosure date.  Need to get rid of this house and get on with my life.
Signing Bonus for new job. What should I spend it on?
Keep making payments or pay off with a significant personal loan?
Keep I-bond or trade it in?
I'm 25. How much money should I have in savings, money market, checking?
Sitting on cash for ~2 years, what to do with it until I need it?
Best option for credit report?
Why not 100% in stocks for a &gt;20 year horizon?
Are you ready when luck finds you?
Has anyone used a company like Smarttrend? That gives you updates daily or so on stock trends?
Any recommendations for homeowners insurance? What things should I be aware of when shopping around?
I need a new credit card...Southwest? Other miles programs?
Vanguard Roth IRA - What to invest in?
How common are prenups?
Best asset allocation for a 24 year-old?
Would it be possible (or a good idea) to take out a loan for a year's rent, pay it monthly, and consider the interest paid as a fee for reporting to credit bureaus? 
Are there any computer based programs that easily do what Mint.com does?
What should I look for in a 0% balance transfer card?
Dear Reddit, can you give me ideas for ethical/ sensible places for my dad to invest his retirement savings?
Is a traditional IRA a smart move to reduce tax ?
AmEx just lowered my credit limit...how will this affect my credit score?
Refinancing options for those with a foreclosure on their record - help?
Consolidating an unsubsidized stafford loan?
opening a Roth IRA today; anything else I need to know?
No credit...how to start?
Financial planning... Where to go?
Other Indexers Out There?
Which Retirement Plan Suits You? UPDATED for 2011
Should I bother putting money into my company's Roth or traditional 403b that they don't match, considering that I'm already contributing to Roth IRA? 
Just started a new job, found out that the company doesn't match any contributions to retirement plan (401k). Should I even bother?
Adding Target-Date Retirement Fund to Portfolio, Good or Bad?
Should I invest in dividend based funds in a Roth IRA?
Am I overkilling my investments?
How safe is your Roth IRA?
Ask r/personalfinance: better travel cc chase saphire or capital one venture?
What are the best practices for cash income?
Is there any way to prepare for over $30,000 of debt?
Anyone use ING Direct Savings/Checking? (referral bonus)
Amazon Credit Card for a College Student?
90% Income Tax Rates? That's how it was in the 1950's
Anyone have an account at a B&amp;M bank that is far away?  How do you manage the account?
26 years old with $5k to invest. What would you do with it?
Applied for a Citi credit card, but want to revoke my application after discovering my credit score. Yay or nay?
By the time I am going into college, I will have about 8,000$ in my bank acccount from payouts from my high school stock club and summer job money. What's the best thing to do with it?
Reddit, what do you think of EverBank's diversified commodities CD?  
Reddit, what is your opinion on a Kasasa bank account? 
After paying a collection, how quickly can your credit score recover?
I'm picking up some extra cash flow soon. What should I do with it, and should I rebudget?
Anybody concerned about inflation yet? Latest CPI data
A good credit card for a law student wanting to build good credit history?
/r/personalfinance, what is the best method to pay off a loan that will maximize credit score?
Has anyone used Prosper?  Any thoughts?
Homeowners, given the chance to go back &amp; sell your house at the peak of the market, would you take it?
Cost of high gas prices: when do you buy a high mpg car?
Retrieving 401(k) from previous employer where the company no longer exist anymore?
I make a bunch of money, but my credit score sucks so no one will give me an auto loan.. shut up and take my money! Advice please?
Tips on rolling over 401k into IRA, can I roll to Roth or only traditional?
$9,000 in a public retirement fund. What should she do with it?
Why low credit score?
Where to find out about tax management?
Is there any worthwhile investment that can be had for $1000 or am I better off just using it as a buffer?
How to take out a 30-year fixed for physical gold? (Best reply wins Reddit Gold)
Cheapest zip code for car insurance?
Simple question: what address do I put for taxes?
How can you speed up the excruciating wait for your insurance claim?
Can you guys help me understand my personal finances?
thinking of creating a cd ladder with my new account at schwab?
I'm considering using debt management/consolidation. Any advice?
Just Fixed Credit Issue, Need a new car, now what?
Can I Afford That? A Simple Question That Can Help You Avoid A Lifetime Of Debt!
Just rolled over about $5k into a Fidelity Rollover IRA. What should I do now?
Getting Married... Financial/Account Advice?
Help r/PersonalFinance.  What personal finance software do you use?
Debt Snowball Plan: smallest amount or highest interest first?
What are your favorite books that cover personal finance and investing?
Anyone invest in those ETFs that attempt to double or triple the index?
Everyone talks about saving up for"rainy day funds" or "6 months of expenses"...how much exactly is an average 6 months of expenses?
Do you have to have special eligibility to be in a credit union?
How can you win your battle with the insurance company?
Advice on maximizing take-home pay and reducing year-end taxes?
x-post from r/askreddit...Does low balance or no balance on credit card boost credit score faster?
Santander offers £100 to join: is it worth it?
roth ira doubling as a emergency fund/ downpayment for first house?
/personalfinance, I'm reading "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" right now, but just realized that it's over thirteen years old.  Is it still relevant?  Is there something better I should be reading?
Refinance, strategic default, short sale, or stand pat on my mortgage?
What do you invest in?
Can you pay a credit card bill with another credit card?
Personal finance on a Mac. What do you recommend?
What would you do in this situation? Student loans vs savings vs mortgage.
Are high school graduates financially ready for the real world?
If you had $20,000 how would you invest it?
What should i do?
What to do in this situation?  Pay off debt, pay down debt, or continue to save?
How to plan for retirement at age 30?
Help me out?
Has anyone used GICdirect.com before?
Tips for refinancing?
I rolled over my old 401k, and I think they might have vested me too much. Do I have to do anything?
Are those spending guidelines realistic at all? Should I really be spending 28% on my mortage and 10% on my car?
Any success stories with debt validation?  
Will your divorce ruin your insurance coverage?
Pay off the mortgage or invest the money?   Bankruptcy law says you should invest it.
If the market is due a correction, do you sell everything and move to cash?
Setting Up an LLC for Commercial Real Estate Investment with few members. How should I structure it and finance it while minimizing my risk to personal assets? 
Can I Save My Home From Foreclosure?
By Ilyce Glink
Any alternatives to mint?
What should a 20-year-old do with ~100k of inheritance?
What's the worst that could happen if I just stopped paying my debts?
Does a credit card exist that has a well-designed bill pay website?
I'm currently totally f-ing up my ex's credit score.  What can I do to help her fix it?  
Just got my secured credit card. How do I best utilize it to improve my credit score?
My parents went into credit counseling and now I can't get a credit card. Help?
Can I do anything better with $3500 than just let it sit in savings? 
Credit Error? It Pays To Be On "V.I.P. List": Credit bureaus keep a V.I.P. list of boldface names, consumer lawyers say, and those people get special help in fixing mistakes on their credit reports.
Should I rent an unfurnished or furnished apartment?
I've maxed out my Roth IRA for the year and my employer doesn't offer a 401k. Is my only choice to invest the rest of my money in taxable accounts?
When do you think is the best time to start planning for retirement?
Should I lower my student loan payment - or what are the pros and cons of lowering the monthly amount?
Reinvesting EE Bonds?
Does bad credit keep you up at night?
Saving for college?
What's a no-BS way of finding my credit score?
"Guaranteed" Investing for ~1 year? 
Should I buy or rent?
Traditional currencies bringing your portfolio down? 
What's better: Roth or Traditional IRA?
I'm about to pay off my car and have no debt. How will this affect my credit score?
I want to open a new savings account with a decent APY. Which one should I consider?
Emergency fund, down payment on house, or payoff all student loan debt?
What websites do you use to manage your bills?
Are precious metals a smart move for the average person?
If my house is worth less, why am I still paying the same amount for home insurance?
Foreclosure or destroy emergency fund?
Not sure what to do next... but I think I'm in good shape.  But if I am, why am I always broke?
Can someone explain to me what this means on my pay stub?
employer 401k or roth IRA?
Roth IRA or Roth 401k?
Just got a large raise, getting married this year, nervous about taxes, any advise?
Considering paying off medical bills &amp; debt with collection agency with a credit union credit card...good idea or bad idea?
Sam's Club Associate Stock Purchase Plan?
I'm 19, and my dad recently died leaving me 100k of life insurance. What do you guys think I should do with it?
What is the best way to take advantage of today's low mortgage interest rates without actually buying a property?
Can I actually afford this car?
How do I manage a land contract with quarterly payments?
I am 22 years old. What is the best financial decision I can make right now?
23 with 10k in the bank. Best way to invest?
19 and in School. How Do I Build Credit?
I have about 14k in college debt, and since I'm joining the military I feel like I have a thousand options for paying it off. What's the smartest choice?
Best budget/bill pay program - free or bought?
Let's answer this:  Invest -or- Pay off debt?
Splitting cottage purchase with family - good idea?
I am 18 years old and have just inherited $20,000. What is the best thing I can do with it?
If put $1,000 a month towards an account, how long would I have to wait until my monthly return would be $1,000. What type of account would be best for this scenario?
Refinancing possible?
I have real money for the first time in my life, how do I balance near term needs vs long term goals?
how much savings should I have in the bank before I throw all my money at my debt?
Roth IRA, traditional IRA, mutual funds, what next?
Saving money for my nieces and nephew? 
are there any good personal finance podcasts?
Financial Plan - Opinions?
Is it worth it visiting a financial advisor?
What's the best way to keep control and track of your day to day spending?
Sallie Mae Student Loan Question - Extended Repayment/other options?
How do I build a diverse investment portfolio? (x-post from financialplanning)
How do I build a diverse investment portfolio?
A UK equivalent to Mint or Quicken?
Free credit report for Canadians?
Why Vanguard? Plus other things. [New to /r/personalfinance]
Does it make any sense to take out a small car loan and pay it off fast to boost credit history if I can buy it with cash?
Whats a middle class income? What do personalfinancers think?
How to decide what credit card is best for you?
Why not a Traditional IRA than a ROTH IRA?
Good idea to get a Roth IRA *and* a Traditional IRA?
What Should My First Credit Card Be? (x-post from AskReddit)
What is a good online broker for Canadians?
shenanigans!  Consolidate Federal Student Loans @ 6.375!?!
Starting an 'artificial floor' on my checking account - Any other ideas / tips in this vein?
Capped out my 401(k) -- now what?
401k investing. Go hard?
When do you pay your balance in full?
Why is it that when I cash a check with a bank I can get my money right away but when I make a deposit, I have to wait multiple goddamn business days for it to go through? (Xpost from askreddit)
Getting .02% for my savings account currently. Are there any other options for maximizing my interest?
Legitimate question for r/pf: How are you all making so much money and how did you get these jobs?
Expense ratio question - how does it work?
Should I pay my credit card off fully or save money?
Am I stuck with my 457 plan? Is it really that bad?
I have "insufficient credit history." Wat do?
Does it matter where I open an IRA?
Replaced my savings with 20% direct deposit to etrade. is this smart?
My life's fucked... now what?
11% interest student loan, pay down with credit cards?
I'm a 22 yo Canadian from Ontario. I want $10k in the bank 12 months from now- how do and then what?
In a Roth IRA, does reinvesting dividends count as a "contribution"?
I'm a canadian that wants to invest ~$3K in the NASDAQ, I don't have any US currency, what's the cheapest way to convert my CAD to USD?
Credit Score: What does it really mean for me?
When do you replace your car?
It appears likely that two of the three credit rating companies have incorrect information about me, preventing me from checking my credit history in their databases and damaging my credit. What is the fastest way to correct this?
Pay Off SL w/ TSP loan?
Personal line of credit instead of an emergency fund?
Rebuilding credit?
Maximizing The Psychological Benefit Of My Financial Situation?
What bank allows free out-of-bank transfers?
r/personalfinance, what is the best gas/groceries credit card?
How long does it take for something to affect your credit score?
Setting up a Roth?
When does it make sense to extend credit available to me or get an additional credit card?
Why do I need a credit card at all?
I can't find an actual free credit reporting site. Does one really exist?
Thoughts on Financial Advisors?
Thoughts on creditkarma.com?
Where to look for a car loan?
Any recommendations for a free budget application? 
What is a lot of student loan debt for a Professional Degree?
Where to Start?
Kids are generally pretty terrible with Money, what tips do you have to teach your child about Money?
What to do with a Windfall? (x-post from /r/tax)
Second Mortgage - The Devil, or our saving grace?
Taking a 20k paycut to go to a startup! ...401k?
Starting a small new business..any heads-up?
What's the best financial decision you've personally made for yourself?
Am I doing it right?
sallie mae student smart option student loan deferral?
Am I doing alright with investing?
Has anyone taken a look at the list of asset classes at altruistfa.com?
I'm completely new to investing. What reading do you recommend?
As long as I pay, is any Credit Card ok?
How to best use capital gains/losses with respect to taxes?
Life insurance?
New job and can live anywhere in the Con. US or Alaska. Where would you live?
5 sneaky price tricks your grocer doesn't want you to know, do you have any others?
Withdraw from Roth IRA or use low APR balance transfer? Need advice, please.
Question about student loans?
A man approached me about an offshore savings plan. Is it a good idea?
Is a loan taken using your 401(k)/403(b) a loan against or from?
What are my options for changing IRA fund managers?
Taxes on Gambling Winnings? (X-post from /r/tax)
Any one else care to offer advice on my FedLoan vs Private situation? sorry to hijack 
X-post from askreddit: How do I choose a good credit card?
How can I transfer my stock holdings from BofA to ING without incurring transaction fees?
How much will I bleed in taxes?
I have no credit, how should I go about getting a decent credit score?
I recently go my credit reports online. Will checking my credit score count as a negative hit on my account?
Is there any reason I shouldn't immediately pay off all of my credit card purchases? 
For teaching the kids about saving and managing money.. three jars dot com... we need a free alternative like this...anyone know of one?
Use student loan leftovers to pay off car?
What banks offer youth checking accounts?
Which credit card should I get?
How do I remove this paid-off from my credit report?
Auto loan woes: should I finance a cheaper car or not finance at all?
I have had about $10k sitting in a LIRA (Canada) for an embarrassingly long time earning an embarrassingly low interest rate.  What should I do with it instead?
Not another one...: Recent grad., just got hired... terrible money management skills. Advice?
Should I quit my job and go back to school full time?
What kind of savings account do you have, and how do you use it? 
Advice on accidental life insurance?
Advice on paying off credit card..?
Identity may have been stolen?
What are your favorite financial blogs?
Lawsuit check...what do?
Is it wise to meet with a financial consultant?
High student loan payoff strategy?
How do I get my first credit card when I have no credit history?
Ask Personal Finance: Help - Buy a car or save my money?
Reopen an old credit card account in order to lengthen credit history?
Term Life Insurance Strategy?
Should I cancel my American Express card?
Is there an online tool that allows you to input your income, extra money, savings, bills etc. that then calculates the optimal way you should be spending your money?
What percentage of your net income do you spend on rent?
How do you cancel a credit card without shooting yourself in the foot?
Let's have some fun: If you won $10 million, what would you do with it? (Details inside)
Are You Preparing for Non-Retirement?
Are You Preparing for Non-Retirement?
Are You Preparing for Non-Retirement?
Ally or ING for a savings account?
Just received my first salary job. What percentage of my pay is reasonable for an apartment? 
Has anyone ever successfully negotiated with Chase Amazon.com Visa for a lower APR?
Medical debts on Credit, need a more fuel-efficient car, but also want to pay off my debts. Advice?
I'd like to open a bank account, but apparently I have some "outstanding credit issues" to address before I'm allowed.  How can I get started?
I want to retire early. What are some blogs/books to help me?
Does renting make sense right now?

Need feedback on my holdings, how am I doing?
I'm trying to sell some gold jewelery/a watch, for scrap or as whole pieces. What's the best way to go about doing this to ensure I don't get ripped off? Help?
Should I pay off a portion of my credit card before the statement if it is getting above 50% of the credit limit?
How much are we allowed to invest, and in what ways? Are some of us younger people in a position to possibly spend on entertainment without regretting it down the road?
Reddit, how should invest or save $2.5k before I go off to college?
First 401(k), what percent?
Should I take a loan from my 401k to payoff my car?
I have previously had a credit limit on one card lowered. I have an option to increase it now. Will doing so help my credit score?
Adjustable Rate Mortgages – You’re Kidding Right?
What's the best way for me to save my money?
Receiving a large increase in pay, what are some wise choices to do with my money? [X-post from /money]
I just had a heated phone conversation with a debt collector company. Wondering about your thoughts and experiences in dealing with these people? Was I wrong in my approach?
Advice for an early 20-something with some savings? 
x-post from /r/travel: Frequent flyer miles programs?
How are your preparing for the future of your kids?
Is there any reason I shouldn't pay off my loan all at once if I have the money?
PF: Just paid off my student loans. Any tips for what I should do to tidy up the accounts and finishing process?
How much do different things affect your credit score?
How should I account for non-currency goods and 
inventory (e.g. Petrol)?
Where are 10Yr Treasury Yields Going Over the Next Month?
Anyone who works with credit reports/scores: How much does opening, using, then closing a credit card affect your credit? 
My wife owns stock options in a private company that was just bought out. What should we expect?
I'm a 29 year old father of two and I don't have a dime saved yet, so what do I do?
Should I refinance an interest only loan? 
Would selling my car be the best option?
How am I doing?
What is the best way for a 23 year old with little to no credit history to build credit?
What's the best way to store cash while keeping up with inflation?
How do I improve my credit score?
What are some good Roth IRA providers?
My girlfriend's bank is telling her to keep her credit card. Are they full of shit?
Reaping the rewards of credit card sign-up bonuses. Good or bad?
Wells Fargo closed my credit card account with no notification. Any advice?
What do you think of my 401K allocation?
Closing a bank account fees?
For the first time ever, my wife &amp; I are going to have a big pot of savings. What would be your recommendations to maximise the return? Details in the post.
Use HELOC on home to pay off other house? (crosspost from /r/frugal)
Am I on the right track?
What kinda Roth IRA funds should I be in?
is there a downside to saving less in order to get the debt payed off quickly?
Issues with apartment lease. Should I have them fixed or back out of the deal?
Do online savings account exist for Non-resident aliens?
How to know if using Mint.com invalidates my fraud protection?
Should I use a low APR convenience check to pay less interest on my card?
Has your student loan recently been sent from Wells Fargo to ACS? Beware. Also, "laywer" is a magic word to get an ACS supervisor on the phone.
Do I have a leg to stand on ? 
How do I measure up?
Should I buy a house with every last penny I have and no retirement fund? (Here are my numbers.)
Can anyone explain to me why Bank of America is so terrible?
Need help with wealth management, how to grow my money?
Savings in euros. What are the options?
My Dad's retiring and getting a buyout package from his company; how to reduce his tax liability?
Metal investing firms: good idea, bad idea, depends?
Should I payoff my car?
Current savings account promotional offers?
"Single-use" credit cards: Close after paying it off or let it sit?
Yodlee Moneycenter vs. Mint?
How can I do better?
How can I consolidate/refinance my student loans to lower my interest rate?
I'm 21, have no credit cards. Am I doing it right?
Low-interest student loans vs. mortgage?
Could someone help me to better understand my new job's Retirement Plan?
Will stock options granted influence the value of stocks negatively?
Serious question: why do people hate Capital One so much?
What am I getting out of my brick and mortar bank that I can't get out of an online bank?
Anyone budget by having to separate bank accounts?
What's the easiest way to learn about and invest in IRAs? 
A family member has 6+ years of back taxes and asked for my help. Any advice?
USAA (Banking) is open to the general public. Why should you care?
How much % for a down payment on a home?
I have $10,000 sitting in the bank and I'm a college student. What can I do with it?
Why are people so quick to invest $100K or more on college, but too cheap to buy a book on investing?
Return on capital: what's the point?
How concerned are you to world economies facing hardships and has it affected your behavior on your own personal finance?
About to pay off the credit card...what's the next step? Savings, car loan, or student loan?
What's the best brokerage firm to trade stocks with?
Best way to easily dispute and monitor my credit?
Looking for a good book to learn about the stock market. Thoughts on this one?
Looking for a good book to learn about the stock market. Thoughts on this one?
Is now the time to start investing? Also, some All ETF and options shenanigans.
How much money should I keep in my checking account?
Any advice on 401k mutual funds picks: Kinetics, EXG, or BYG? Or none of the above?
Are Roth contributions / conversions a good idea?
What are you saving for?
How many credit cards is ideal?
Save more, or make a completely unnecessary purchase?
Google banking search????
Both my name and my company's name written on my credit card. Normal?
How do I take out a private loan for school that requires me to build up my credit?
How is the interest calculated on Savings I Bonds?
Good sample budget for a college student?
So I have a FICO score of 736, yet got declined by AX when trying to open up a credit card with them. Is this normal?
Long-term consequences of missing a credit card payment?
Is it ok to have 20+ credit cards open?
How should a young professional go about establishing financial security/asset building?
Why max Roth IRA or 401k?
What are the pros/cons of leasing vs buying a car? (xpost from AskReddit)
Received a check from a long-lost 401k. What next?
What 529 did you decide on and why? If you went another route for college financial savings for your child, which route and why? (xpost to r/Frugal)
Afraid to poke my head out of the hole. What happens if they see my shadow?
Am I doing good?  Age 26, no debt, 10k in savings, but no house.
What is the best way to get a personal loan to be used to pay off credit cards?
Refinancing a Student Loan: Is that a "thing"?
What have you heard about Charles Schwab Online banking services? Good? Bad?
Amazon Rewards credit card... worth it?
My situation is pretty bleak. Just wondering if there's any advice you guys can give me to help me help myself...?
How to calculate the opportunity cost of bulk purchasing vs. smaller amounts?
Starting/understanding savings account. Is there something I'm missing?
Choice between a Standard 401K, Roth 401k, or both?
Bankruptcy: Why isn't this a thing? 
Should I open another credit card to get more rewards?
Use a loan money to pay off my credit card?
Lower my 401k contributions and put towards Roth IRA &amp; emergency fund?
water bill has a due date. electric bill has a due date. internet bill has a due date.  why don't medical bills have due dates?
What is the name of that website to invest in small foreign businesses?
Does "investing" count as "saving"?
Thoughts on my financial situation? Thinking about rearranging everything for safety's sake.
This may sound stupid, but how do I pay my credit card bill???
I figured this would be a good place to ask, what are the differences between a bank and a credit union?
Is it wise to place $100 million on a savings account? There is at least one person who's doing exactly that (maybe).
should I withdraw or transfer my CPP contributions?
Forget your income. What are your monthly expenses?
Going through college debt-free vs. taking out some student loans to build credit?
What to do with $1,000,000?
Fresh out of college with a job and my bank denied me a credit card? What's my next step?
Student Loan Debt: What's the Worst That Could Happen?
Starting grad school with a somewhat low stipend in the fall, where should I go looking for a credit card?
Is this a valid risk-neutral investment strategy?
Here's my debt.  How should I attack it?
What do I need to do to purchase a vehicle without a co-signer?
Practice options trading?
Can I get a financial "report card" and some general advice?
Who else here is dirt poor?
First new credit card - is it ok to make a large purchase?
How much will financing a vehicle improve our credit? As of right now we don't have any.
Totally ignorant financially, but really want to start things off the right way. Can anybody help me with my bank, credit card, and credit score questions?
Anyone had luck negotiating lower credit card interest rates in today's economy with some late payments on your record?
Anyone have any good book recommendations on personal finance?
Can r/personalfinance help me get my life back on track?
Should I take out a private school loan?
Does anyone here on /r/personalfinance use Mint.com? 
Dear r/personalfinance: Am I doing this right?
Should I open another credit card and do a balance transfer?
Whole vs Term life insurance?
Any thoughts on LendingClub?
What Kind of Debt Pay-Off Boosts Your FICO Score Most? (results may surprise you)
How many of you will have enough for retirement? If so, how much do you plan on having? How much did you save per year? How did you invest?
Tips for a forgotten, rollover IRA? 
If you're American and moving to London, how does your credit history work in the UK?
Best travel credit card?
Where do I go from here?
(X-post from r/answers) Any stock market people here? I need some help...
What if your employer doesn't offer a 401k?
Federal or non-federal student loans?
XPost from AskReddit: Recommend a credit card?
What to do with $50?
Transfer my Fidelity 401k to Vanguard?
XPost from AskReddit: Recommend a credit card?
Know any good Canadian Retirement Planning Software?
Why do people today feel it is much harder to engage in financial savings than earlier generations when, on average, the earlier generations were much poorer than today?  What would you propose as a solution to change and increase savings rates?
Where to do a Roth IRA?
I'm turning 23, I have about 9.5k to my name, and only have a checking/savings account.  Wut do?
So I have a bank offer to open a savings account and get $50 plus they pay 1.1% interest. Are there better savings accounts?
How much have you paid/made in interest during your life?
Roth 401k through my job vs Roth IRA through a company like Vanguard. Out of the two: which deserves more investment priority?
Tips for building credit? (I have almost none...should I finance a computer even though I can pay cash)
Should I get a Chase Freedom card even if there are no nearby Chase banks?
How is a Salary of 30k Peanuts?
Personal card vs Business card for business expenses? Best of both worlds?
If I apply for different loans (to shop around for rates) will my credit score get hit each time?
college grad, budgeting guidelines?
Interested in creating a Personal Finance circle on Google+?
Help understanding some IRS stuff?
how do I foreclose and what happens if I do? 
Best place to get a triple credit score/report?
Anyone actually have an example of a bank pursuing a deficiency judgement in the last 5 years or so? (xPost - /r/RealEstate - /r/PersonalFinance
I've heard it's a good idea to get a secured credit card (and to pay it off every month) to improve a bad credit score.  Is there an advantage to getting a secured card with a higher limit?
Alternatives to Truecredit.com?
I hope I convey my question well... My main priority is to ensure a comfortable retirement (~50k/year) before I worry about retiring rich.  Does this change my game plan much?
Increased salary &amp; inheritance windfall... how do I avoid screwing this up?
I'm applying for a student loan. Should I get a credit check before applying or will the credit check look bad on my credit report??
Stuck with an apartment in France, loan in CHF. Advice?
A certain stock has not opened for today, what does that mean for the stock and to me?
Should I cash in my savings bonds before Aug 2nd?
College kid who needs to get a credit card. Help??
Budgets and overspending...how do you fight it?
Can anyone give a review of Perkstreet vs USAA?
College student with about 2k sitting in my savings that I will use throughout the school year to make monthly car payments. What can I do to maximize this money while it waits to be payed into my car each month?
online bank savings accounts safe?
High Yield Reward Checking?
Is a Roth IRA at Vanguard better than my local bank?
Will my FICO score go down when I pay off my car loan?
Should I get a car loan or pay cash?
Are the markets concerned about the debt ceiling?
Joint Home Ownership? 
I've made some bad financial decisions. Where should I go from here?
Rookie credit mistake and possible consequences?
Will creditkarma put too many inquiries on my card?
Experience with Everbank?
Similar funds in my 403b and new Roth IRA? 
How do I help with my aging parents and their poor financial decisions?
Is there a downside to having a 401k at more than one company?
My job prepays $5,500/year for classes/courses/studies.  What areas should I prioritize if wanting to learn most quickly how to handle my own money?
Am I doing it right?
stop 401k / Roth contributions to tackle variable student loan debt ?
What if you max out your 401k and ira?
Request: can any of you review this spreadsheet I 
developed?  It answers "Where should I invest my 
next dollar?   Pay off a loan?   Which retirement 
account?  etc."
Fidelity seems to offer a pretty decent rewards card. 2% of all purchases goes into your investment account.  Is this the way to go or are there better reward options like this available?
How are U.S. Savings Bonds as an investment vessel?
A little help with my 401k?
Should my 'emergency fund' be in something other than a normal savings account?
First time home buyer. Should I buy the largest house I can afford?
Gaming cash advance?
Which loan should I pay off first? [xpost from r/frugal]
I see everyone talking about using your credit card monthly, and then paying it off, and this being a good idea. My question is, when do you pay it off exactly?
200k in gf/wife student loans...do i win a prize?....FML HELP!
Where should I get a secured credit card?
Can someone help me sort savings bond/gov't default problems?
Credit Card Not Being Reissued?
I have 5k to invest -- Where to?
How do I know when to ask for a credit line increase on a credit card?
I really need to buy some stuff, should I ask for a loan?
What are some great part-time jobs for college students?
Savings Account Deals?
I have RSUs vesting and ESPP ending on the same day. I need to sell some of the stock. Which should I sell first?
Where do I file taxes if I move halfway through the year?
30 years old with ~$10k to invest and financially clueless. What are the best options at my age?
What type of credit or loan to get for job relocation?
Can somebody explain this to me?
Is this normal for a credit card?
I have only filed my taxes once, when I was 18. I just got a letter from the IRS, I'm 36. what do I do? 
I'm young with more money sitting around than I need. How do I do something useful with it?
Best way to pay for grad school?
Student debt consolidation?
Saving for not-retirement???
Would this be a wise choice/would I even be able to pull this off?
Credit card advice for students?
20-Something, job not offer 401k or any sort of retirement plan... I really don't understand IRA/RothIRA plans... Any help?
Should I drain my 401k?
$100,000 debt. What to do?
When buying a rental property, is it generally better to buy a house? Is it worth the extra money over buying a condo ? 
Are financial planners worth it?
Thinking about taking out a loan to invest in the stock market. Thoughts?
Where to put $1000 for 3 years? Maybe a CD?
about to get another credit card, should i cancel one?
Tried for a handful of rewards cards, didn't qualify due to lack of credit history. What's next?
I have a 2nd credit card that has no annual fees which I don't use at all (it was my first credit card). Would calling the CC company and having them make it inactive (not close it) hurt my credit score?
Can anyone clarify index funds?
Can I consider my Roth IRA as an "emergency savings account"?
How often should you check up on your retirement investments?
My dad was killed in part because of negligence, receiving $125,000.. what in the world do I do with it?
I'm 19, entering my Junior year of college with about $2000 to spare from my summer job. What should I do with it?
how did you pick out which funds to contribute to in your 401(k)/403(b)?
How to make the most of savings?
Schwab and Vanguard not worth it for IRAs? Links inside
Get student loan, keep in high interest savings, accumulate interest, pay back when graduated, keep accrued interest.  Is this a bad idea?
Car repo'd - is there any way to get $17,000 in two days?
Are You Financially Literate?
I have a few credit cards.  Which ones (if any) do I cancel?
Opinions on SDY vs. SPY?
What is the best credit card to use for rewards?
Identity theft/fraud or a mistake?
Setup all of my bills to autopay, Any downsides to this? 
Saving money in the military?
Have $140K Saved -- What to do with it?
Credit card advice for a student/What role does income have in approval process?
LendingClub or Prosper from the borrower perspective?
How do you budget?
Stuff Maintenance - Is it really worth it?
Should You Pay Off Your Mortgage Early? 
Should I move my 401k Funds before August 2nd?
Two people plan to jointly invest, what areas could each study on their own to provide the best complementary skills?
A few credit cards I haven't used in a while have increased my spending limit. Why?
Got a new card, person on the phone said "a good way to build credit is to carry a balance for the duration of your 0% APR period". Is this true?
Contract worker in CO, how much do I set aside for taxes?
I'd like to rent out my own home. Advice?
I get yearly stock bonuses.  How should I sell these?
What to do with cash?
I'm being kicked out of my apartment.. Any advice?
Just Turned 18, and Coming into Large Amounts of Money.... Help? I have no idea what to do.
Taking a lower interest private loan to pay off higher interest federal loan, is it advised?
Need to fix up my elderly father's house to sell. How do I get a loan for this?
I have a somewhat small amount of extra money.  How do I take that money, and turn it into more money?
Should I trade in my upside down car loan for a lease?
Pay off the mortgage faster or invest extra cash elsewhere?
How should I prepare for a potential US govt default?
Mistake with credit cards--how to best pay off?
What if popular media actually presented personal fiscal responsibility in a good light?
Trying to resolve an issue with debt collectors. Help Me write the email?
I'm trying to decide if I should purchase a car, do these numbers seem reasonable?
Saving money and planning for the future?
What do should I do with the money in the 401k after I get laid off? 
Recommend budget software?
Checked Credit Karma, Found a credit card I never signed up for with $2000 spent with it..?
Should I put my $2000 towards an emergency fund or should I invest it?
How to handle student loans?
How to read stock history or past company and what information to look for to see if it's a good time to buy?
I have $50k+ in saving, no debt, a car and a steady job. Should I get a house around Raleigh NC or keep renting and invest?
Is taking a credit card settlement negatively affect rebuilding my credit more than paying it off over time?
23 years old, just got 13k. What do I do with it?
gained control over 100k trust fund. now what?
Should I close my BillMeLater account?
Am I getting screwed on this this student loan?
Down Payment, or 529?
I have about $50,000 in small bills, but no reasonable way to explain how I got them. What's the best way to invest them?
After emergency fund, save more or pay off $13K SL @ 4%?
Are prepaid debit cards a good idea?
hey personalfinance, assuming the US credit rating is going to go down, what would be a smart investment to make right now? 
Should I take from my simple IRA to pay off my debt?
Legitimate work-at-home strategies?
Saving for college, is it a good idea to max out subsidized loans and save them for when I need them?
Inheriting about $80k- what to do, what to do?
401(k) investment tips?
Best method for multiple loan repayment?
5 year ARM is adjusting in a few months.  Should I refi or can I expect it to adjust down given the current mortgage rates?
Is purchasing a house by county auction or purchasing a bank foreclosure a good way to save a lot of money on a new house? 
5 year ARM is adjusting in a few months.  Should I refi or can I expect it to adjust down given the current mortgage rates?
When is the $5000 dollar contribution limit to a Roth IRA reset?
Should I sell my car now while it is in good condition, or wait and run it into the ground?
Is roadside assistance insurance necessary?  Save money by choosing wisely | Car Insurance Comparison
What bugs consumers?
What investments will benefit from a failure to raise the debt ceiling? 
Just got a letter from the IRS stating that the 2009 Tax has increased and because of that I owe them another $1,100.  Anyone experience this or have advice?  
How do you achieve sensibly buying a used car in this market?
I have my savings in a money market account.  Is it going to go "poof" if the US defaults?
I'm in stock market simulator game against my friends from the 1st of August to the 31st. Any tips?
If my bank tells me that my minimum payment on my next credit card due date is zero, but I have charges on the card, do I need to pay anything?
Best way to invest 50k as a 21y/o?
Credit Score Tracking - Ideas?
Want to rollover pension fund balance from a previous employer into investments in my control?  What are my options?  Tax implications?
How do fellow redditors earn jobs right out of college earning so much?
How do fellow redditors get jobs that pay so much right out of college?
What's the best time of year to fund a Roth IRA?
Signature loan offering me money to renew loan. Can someone clarify?
How does /r/personalfinance feel about "0% APR credit cards for X months"?
Can someone give me a start on medical school loans?
Should I get a new or used car?
My 2 years of investment in MF has resulted in lost of 5%. What to do? I invest for long term.
How can you choose a credit card without knowing what limit you'll get beforehand if you take a credit hit just for inquiring?
BC Student Loans are being taken over by National Student Loans. Is this a good thing?
Cashing in paper bonds? 
Best book/software for planning repayment options of my GF's debts (~$100k, 7 different loans)? 
Term life insurance that gradually steps down?
Can somebody else pay my credit card bill?
For a buy-and-hold investor, is there really a difference between low-cost mutual funds and ETFs?
No credit history, need to build credit, rejected CC by bank, but still want a decent rewards card. Possible?
Another student loan question - Focus on paying them off, or save for house?
Credit Utilization?
I want to become more market savvy. What should I start reading?
Question about credit cards. Also, is my retirement account enough?
If I have a 401K from work that I contribute to, does that mean I can't have Roth IRA apart from my work? 
Finance advice for someone living in Mexico?
I'm upside down on my mortgage and I'm considering cashing out my IRA in order to lower my principal so I can re-fi and lower my monthly payment. Is this insane?  
Traditional 401k vs. Roth 401k - which is for me? (xpost from /r/investing - looking for as many opinions as possible)
Is [right] now a terrible time to invest? Insane congress, etc.
Withdrawing money (one time) from a Roth IRA, yes or no?
Are there any good online tools (like mint.com) for managing shared roommate expenses like utilities and food?
Did I just get denied for a credit card for having my other card payed off?
We cannot provide you with a Personal Credit Report?
I'd like to learn about IRAs.  Can anyone recommend a book or website with current information on these retirement vehicles?
What is the best mix of safe and % return? (opinion)
Devil's advocate:  Are you saving and planning for your retirement and under 40?  You're doing it completely wrong...
Does it lower your credit score if you request a credit report and score from annualcreditreport.com?
Cash out Roth IRA principal to pay down student loans?
Should I put 20% down on my next house?
Is Discover acting as oddly as I think they are? Turned down for a credit increase
What to do with inheritance cash? 
Does anyone know of a good exchange-traded non-US international equity fund?  
Just approved for my first credit card and I intend to use it strictly for helping improve my credit. What do you think the best method is?
Savings Advice for 22 year old: House or IRA?
Graduate school is money, but it costs a lot of it too. Work a year and save or Study and get it now?
I have some US Savings Bonds, what will a default on debt do to them?
Starting a Reddit organized/managed investment/real estate fund?
First real job! But I really want to do this right. Advice? (Details Inside)
Transfer to cash position in a Traditional IRA while its down to avoid higher taxes on a Roth Conversion?
How Do You Decide What You Can Afford?
Best way to put money away for little brother for college?
I always have max taxes taken out and then file for a big return at the end of the year. Anyone know of a calculator that takes out MAX taxes, so you get an idea of what your take-home will be for different jobs before you file a return?
Advice for a young, first time investor?
Tips to keep from spending money impulsively?
Relationship finance advice. Bank account management for couples?
Difference between Index Funds and ETFs?
Consolidating student loans?
Young investor with funds already in market, but looking for a potential new home?
Consolidate Student Loans now before rates increase?
Anyone in this sub going on a broad spectrum equities well metered shopping spree in the turmoil? I've already started. First purchase went in on Friday. I see more to come in the future. Note: I hold for 15 years.
Clearly my 401(k) portfolio is pegged to the market.  Is there ANYTHING I can do to soften the blow of the next few weeks?
On my W4, I claimed myself (1), will I owe money at the end of the year, if my mom(single) claimed me as well?
Would it work? Doing one class on personal finance and paying the children who leave before class $10. 
Do I have to report imputed income as part of my annual earnings on my 1040?
Opinions on the CapitalOne VentureOne Visa Card?
I have zero money in the stock market, but have a decent savings. Is it time to jump in while it's so down?
Buying a new house and selling my old one, is it the right time?
Should I invest or save?
Buying the drop: Should I sell treasury bonds to buy stocks at a discount?
A Dilemma: Saving or Enjoying?
Do I need to keep years of bank statements?
Do the benefits of compound interest still apply when interest rates are so low?
Where should you put your money after the downgrade?
Any Book Recommendations?
Ask: I'm 31, I put 30% of my 401k into S&amp;P500 &amp; S&amp;P400, should I lower that amount or keep at it with this market madness?
Poll: What allocation of U.S. versus non-U.S. stock are you targeting in your portfolio?
Help! Can I Use The Mortgage Contingency in my Contract for Sale to Void the Purchase?
What's the difference between ETFs?
I'm trying to build credit asap. Is getting a loan from my credit union and paying it back a good idea?
What % of gross income should I be putting towards rent (max)?
Locked into an obscenely high interest car loan, options for a young Canadian?
Loan rates response to rating downgrade?
Looking for a good high dividend mutual fund to pick up during the craze. Suggestions?
Should I close my secured credit card now?
Is now the best time to sell my car?
Getting a personal loan or line of credit? Need some advice.
My boyfriend is demanding that I get a credit card, but I don't have a job. Won't I be denied?
Who here really earns 5-8% investment returns?  HOW???
Zecco or ING Sharebuilder?
Just what do the current economic trends mean for the average taxpayer?
Morally (and Legally) Ambiguous Plan for Financial Aid?
Any visual and minimal programs/websites for personal finance?
Reddit - I work at a startup, no 401k, what's my best vehicle for saving? Traditional IRA through a brokerage?
401k contributing 100% of pay for a short time instead of small amounts over the year?
About to pay off my 4th credit card, what to do now?
Why is it such a pain in the ass to get your credit score?
Are Stocks Cheap Or Expensive Right Now? Maybe Neither
What is a roth IRA, and how does it work?
What personal finance book would you recommend most to recent grads?
Can anyone here offer their experiences with the software You Need A Budget (YNAB)?
Buying a new PC with new credit card w/ 
$200 cashback? Good/bad idea?
Contribute to my 401k or put money towards my student loans?
Home buying advice?
Any way to find ALL accounts you owe and who current owns them?
What are the best streaming videos on personal finance you've come across?
Should I be concerned for my savings in BoA?
What are 10 things should you never keep in your wallet?

My parents need some help! Is a debt reduction company the answer?
Aggressive retirement fund while young a poor idea?
Financial adviser for a Roth IRA or is it completely unnecessary?
Is this a sound decision?
Good discount brokerage for a college student?
Wife has a small Roth IRA, should we keep going with it?
5-year old judgement against me, best course of action?
Can anyone make some banking recommendations?
Best credit card for a non-American undergrad in the US?
What are the best credit cards benefit wise?
What is the best way to reduce your mortgage payment?
What is the best rewards credit card in Canada?
Where does it go?
Why doesn't Quicken update with pending transactions? Killing me. 
Should I stop contributing to my 401K so I can pay off credit cards?
Should I cancel credit cards I don't use?
Which mortgage option is better?
r/PersonalFinance, how do YOU track your finances?
How to manage a joint account in Mint?
Are smaller online stock borkers more likely to go bust?
Banks with on-line budgeting tools?
How big of a deal is a late payment on a credit card? 
Selling a house, now what?
Investment options for monthly deposits?
My free checking account is about to no longer be free. Help me pick a new one?
401(k) or pay down car loan?
Mint.com for the UK?
I'm young, and living on my own in a new city.  I dont have a lot of money, and I'm in the beginning stages of creating my "6 month reserve fund". What advice would you give to your 20 year old self?
In Australia, they have pretty high-interest fee-free internet savings accounts (some up to 6.5%p/a). Should I just leave my saved-up $10k there or try to do something clever with it?
Personal budget tracker iPhone app?
Is it a good idea to attack your mortgage aggressively on a 100k property?
Property Tax Exemptions?
HELOC to pay off Fixed Rate Loan?
question - what retirement accounts to withdraw from? 
I have ~1k in a college fund and I've finished college. Where should I be moving this?
How is loan interested calculated? Apparently, I'm dumb
Trouble logging into Wells Fargo Retirement Services?
Wait, so do I invest in gold or not?
The Air Force says I owe them money. Can/Should I fight it? (xpost from finance, should have posted here first)
My employer is offering a 503 simple retirement plan in 2012, what do I need to do?
Hey guys, this is the second credit card I'm thinking of applying to. Can anyone help me understand what a transaction fee is??
Saving for a house; should I pay off my 7k student loan first or put that money in a mutual fund?
chase just denied my attempt to get a credit card.  i've never borrowed a cent, and i'm told i need to start to build my credit, what do i do?
Starting my first job as a software dev in 2 weeks. How do I not screw this up?
Roth IRA contribution strategy?
Is it safe to use my chequing account?  Also welcoming pointers to next steps I should take
Is it OK to have an out-of-state checking account?
Non-US citizen trying to open a checking account in NYC, which bank should I go to?
Roth IRA Contribution?
Which is better: having a 6 month emergency savings or using said savings to pay off car note?
How is car loan interest charged?
How should I proceed with finishing off my bills?
Student loan repayment direction?
Looking to build credit with secured card. How is this one?
What percentage of your check is left over at the end of each month?(specifics inside)
Who has experience with online banks?  Are they safe?
Optimal amount of credit cards? [x-post from /r/finance/]
Buying while in debt is a good thing?
Reddit, I'm looking for advice. I just found out I've been left £100,000 and its in a trust fund at the moment. What should I do with it?
I have VERY little experience with Personal Finance. Help me answer some questions?
Dividend in Roth IRA?
How is PNC Bank? Planning to open an account there.
Roth IRA Contribution Strategy?
How does one buy and sell gold reliably? And am I an idiot for still thinking there's time to get in and buy?
Are there any good reasons against investing in I Savings Bonds?
Is my understanding of the capital gains tax correct?
Should I take a loan from my 401(k) to cover house repairs and/or improvement and student loan?
Should You Be Passive or Aggressive When Paying Off Debt?
I'm a student.  Credit card debt is killing me.  Should I get a student line-of-credit and pay off my cards through that?
Question paying collection agency?
Grossing $1 million on a stock investment: what is the best financial planning strategy?
W4 question: can I take near-zero withholding for the first part of the year, then withhold most of my check near the end of the year?
Been with usBank for 6 years. Recently they smashed &amp; grabbed $8.95 under the guise of "maintenance fee". How much are they going to charge for closing the account?
Consolidate or no?
So how again do you maximize your credit score by timing credit card payments?
How much to put away?
Is it cheaper to pay shipping for online purchases than to drive to the store to buy them?
401k versus Debt - Even worth it in my situation?
On the path to establishing a credit score. I have had my first card for 5 months, and signed up yesterday for a phone contract. Now is it true I need to open another line of credit for a score to materialize?
How to decide how much life insurance is needed?
401k was liquidated for home purchase, home purchase fell through, now what?
Someone is stealing my identity, has taken out home loans, car loans, etc. Where do I go from here?
Quick way to borrow 3-4k?
Anyone know a personal finance software with double entry accounting that can download transactions?
What advice can you give a college student looking to make some (possibly risky) investments? 
Setting up a mint.com account: I've never had or applied for credit, do I just select Limited for my credit score?
What are your favorite personal finance websites?
What's a legit way of finding out my credit score, when I'm based in the UK?
Need advice:  want to restore my personal finances, own 25% of online business with cash flow, 100k in unpaid debt.  Where to start?
I think I'm falling victim to the "Financing Fell Through" scam. What should I do?
Is a 4.375% mortgage equivalant to a 3.28% non deductable interest rate assuming a tax rate of 30%?
To refinance the house or not? Any advice?
Turning 21 and I have no credit, would this be a bad idea to gain some?
What percentage of income to spend on rent?
Buy a new car? Current car needs 3-4K in repairs, worth about 6-7K.
I'm going to France for 2 weeks. Is it worth it to get a Capital One credit card to avoid fees?
Does this student loan pay off plan make sense?
Freelancer: How much money should I set aside for taxes?
I need to hire a CPA to do my taxes.  Should I go big or go local?
Is it a better idea to take student loans and invest the money that would have been spent on school, or just pay off tuition immediately? 
Is it still worth putting money into my Roth IRA targeted retirement fund every week, given the dives of the stock market, or should I do something else with it?
Best ways to hedge against the US Dollar potentially devaluing?
Steps from little to no credit to securing a mortgage ASAP?
I'm a college student without a stable income, what's the most effective way to keep track of (and reduce) spending?
What is the best bank to use for private student loans?
Got new credit card; what to do with old one?
Getting a higher credit line - good sign or bad sign?
Sure Scott Adams' street cred has fallen as of late, but is his 9-point unifying theory of personal finance still solid?
How am I doing for a 24yr old male in Toronto Canada?
Put savings toward Roth IRA, home down payment, or a combination of both?
How did you learn to handle your money?
Anyone knowledgeable on tax law? I have a few questions on how write-offs work. 
How to improve credit score? Proven tips only.
Dissatisfied Customer? Make an Effective Complaint
Dealing with collection agency?
Are you sacrificing pennies for dollars on airline discounts?
Can I use an "auto loan" to consolidate higher-interest debt?
Can a corporate credit card benefit my credit score?
28 yrs old living in NYC... what to do with my money?
I don't understand, is "tactical asset allocation" just a marketing term or is it a legitimate category of portfolio management?
26-year old with $10,000 cash. How should I invest?
Living overseas, being sued in the US. What can/should I do?
Being sued for CC debt overseas. What can they/I do?
Can't make minimum payments on CC, company basically won't talk to me either, what's going to happen?
Can I get taxed on this? (Paypal question regarding fundraiser)
Let's talk about Betterment.com. Is it any good?
Should I open a checking account?
Where is the best place to sell gold?
Why invest in Traditional IRAs if I get no deduction?
First time home buyer, super low interest rates, secure job = Buy the biggest house I can afford?
How do I negotiate the lowest price for my car?
How do I explain to my wife it's OKAY to invest for the long-term? She says she doesn't want to 'gamble' with our money.
Does changing a beneficiary incur a gift tax?
Moving from US to Germany for work, what bank is best for international banking?
Do You Need a Personal Financial Adviser?
Bounced check hurt my credit rating?
Credit Unions: Where can I find them?
What should I do with leftover student loans?
How do I make and stick to a budget on a student's income?
Late 20's -- $50,000 student loan debt -- Should I consolidate? 
Best out-of-pocket health insurance?
Surplus grant money I don't think I can keep -- what should I do with it?
Take out more loans or withdraw Roth IRA?
100K in loans. What's the best way to pay this shit off?!
Guy hit my car, damaged front end of the car pretty bad. How do I make sure I don't get screwed by his insurance company?
I'm moving from the US to the UK.  How should I move my money with me?
Getting Ready to negotiate for car... want to help?
Help please? Moving to the US and confused as fuck. 
How to collect money from corporate sponsors?
Any Canadians here? Quick question for you about PC Financial
Why would you get a CD?
Question about Canadian credit cards.  Are Capital One and MBNA "real" companies?
Anyone know of a good site to apply for credit cards for a first timer?
When is the right time to short sale a house?
No longer want to be an authorized credit card user? Just ask. 

Does anyone have experience transitioning from W-2 to 1099 status mid-year? : FinancialPlanning
What's your favorite "above and beyond" personal finance tip?
How many credit card accounts are too many?
Anyone ever use, or have any opinions on, Lending Club?
The Credit Card Effect. Who is in Charge of Your Financial Life, You or Your Credit Card?
Different ways to invest in yourself?
Does anyone pay a service to monitor your credit reports, get copies of your reports, get your FICO score, etc.?
Best way to pay down credit card bills?
Roth 401(k) vs Roth IRA vs Trad. 401(k) vs other investment accounts - how best to save?
How am I doing? 
An indexed UL as a retirement vehicle?
Should I pay my truck off?
Where do I start on my student loans?
401k vs Roth IRA - am I wrong to assume a 401k is better?
Extending a Sallie Mae private student loan payment plan?
Am I doing this right?
Homeowner’s insurance doesn’t cover floods. Flood insurance doesn’t cover basements. So what’s a homeowner to do? -- Look for this insurance rider.
Mint.com alternatives?
Ugh. Help? 
College ROI:  Is College Worth the Investment?
Some guidance, please? My parents said I should try establishing credit by purchasing a used car. [Situation Inside]
Is it safe to tell my US credit card company that I'm moving overseas for awhile?
Easiest/gimmick free way to getting Free Credit Scores?
Should I start paying down the Mortgage or Student Loans first ?
Getting a check for $20k. Considering dick move. Advice?
Just turned 18 and set up $2,000 investing account with JP Morgan.  What next?
PersonalFinance, is there a topic you want to have researched?
Posted twice on AskReddit and got no response. Guys, can you help? Bank changed the locks on my parents' house. Need advice.
Are there any income limits or special rules for rolling over a Roth 401(k) into a Roth IRA?
How do you go about finding a good (read: reputable) mortgage company?
Which credit card companies let you set up automatic monthly payments?
Does It Make Sense to Hunt for Financial Advisors in the Internet Age?
Best place to get my credit score?
IRS disallowing excess social security tax withheld? How do they figure this? And they can charge interest on this?
Swap balances on credit cards with 0% APR on transfers?
Got a mail offer for Citi Dividend World Mastercard -- is it worth signing up for this card?
How much should I keep liquid in nonretirement accounts?
Can we make a proper FAQ? I would be willing to help the best that I can as I love this subreddit. 
Personal Finance Blogs Making Us Smarter But Will The"Smarts" Last? | Peerform
Is that iPad 2 really worth $2,000???
I'm looking to refinance my house. I'm looking at different lenders, comparing APR and points and closing costs. So what are negative points?
A thought experiment: what if major banks fall?
I'm a student with good credit but limited history; now what?
I have 6 months to get a credit card for company travel expenses.  Where to start?
Should we refinance our mortgage?
Roth IRA Questions: 1) Must I invest to get a benefit? 2) Where to invest?
Wells Fargo opened a line of credit I didn't apply for, what should I do?
Any advice I can give my mother regarding her mortgage?
Why did my Chase CC suddenly give me a revolving line of credit and what does this mean for me?
What do you think of the new Citi 2G cards?
DEBT FREE for over 2 years; NOW seeking a new credit card FICA score is good and will be spending much. Should I apply for CREDIT UNION OR CORPORATE CARD?
DEBT FREE for over 2 years; NOW seeking a new credit card FICA score is good and will NOT be spending much. Should I apply for CREDIT UNION OR CORPORATE CARD?
Thanks. Really need the advice
Looking to get away from Bank of America. What do?
How many credit cards do you guys have?
Multiple bank accounts?
How to pick an IRA investment account?
Is there a graph that shows what your credit limit should be as a function of your income/credit score?
Should I start saving or pay off debt?
My reservations about mint.com. Are they founded?
I have a Capital One credit card that I got when my credit wasn't good.  Now it is good...should I switch to a different card?  If so, who?
About to pay off 7k in student loans so I'm interested in getting a credit card with rewards. Any suggestions?
Horrible situation has left me with poor credit. How to repair?
Can I refinance a Stafford student loan without consolidating? 
Will my credit ever be reparable?
Getting Ready to negotiate for car... want to help? part 2
22 y/o with first real job. Looking to move out of my parent's home, but I do not want to rent. Any advice? (My ideas inside)
Are "Stealth" Expenses Killing Your Budget?
How am I doing?
Looking to get my first credit card for a $4500 expenditure. What are some of the best options?
Should You Pay-off the House?
My employer does 100% matching contribution on normal 401k and Roth 401k up to 6% of my pay. Should I make sure they prioritize matching to the normal 401k, or the Roth 401k, or a little of both?
As far as taxes go, should I pay off a higher interest student loan or a lower interest car loan first?
Can you get a credit card after bankruptcy?

Lower APR? 
Saving for retirement - is there such a thing as a non-employer sponsored 401k?
Which savings account should I choose?
International tax for individuals? What do I do?
Getting married soon. Need to get a joint account. What bank? where can I research?  
Are ETF's better than Mutual Funds in a taxable account with regard to taxes?
IRS has never took my money. Should I be worried?
E-mail from my CC company: shall we raise your limit for you? I'm tempted...
Student Loan (13k@2.35%) and Car Loan (3k@4%), pay off or keep due to low interest rate?
401K vs Roth IRA??
How does my 401K allotment look?
Do I qualify for a student loan?
How long does it take a credit score to improve?
My odd road to a good credit score. Do not try at home?
Pre-approved credit card?
Best investment or savings option w/ ~$5K?
Student loans or 401K?
Would like to apply for a CC (for work-related expensed) what kind of credit (score) do I need for an AMEX?
How do I get a credit card and build up my credit?
Does anyone have experience with CreditKarma.com? Is this a legit site?
open source alternatives to Quickbooks?
Massive student loans or....investing?
Controlled Debt?
I'm 34 and I want to build some credit.  When I was in my early to mid 20's I had a few bills go to collections, but now I have everything paid off.  How do I reestablish credit?
Recommend a credit report site?
Has anyone consolidated private student loans with CUstudentloans.org?
Looking to purchase a home. Can I get a second look at my budget?
Using Roth IRA as an emergency fund?
Am I being screwed by my 401k?
Pay down student loans before opening a saving account?
Financial advice for someone in their early 20's?
Opening up a Roth IRA today. Does anyone have experience with the E*Trade Roth IRA?
Denied a Home Equity Line of Credit because of lack of credit experience. Next Step?
How do I redeem a corporate bond?
Got denied a bank loan because of my short credit history. Advice?
What would it cost company to implement this? New Vanguard 401K Small Business Plan
Savings priorities - Roth and house, then additional retirement?
Looking at leasing a new car, question about negotiation points.  How can i translate the residuale into the cost of lease?
I'm starting an at home business. Should I open a separate business account?
Want to Save Thousands on a Mortgage? Fix Your Credit

Just got Married. What do I need to change on our W-4's and what other things do I need to change?
what happens to your FICO score when you're not in debt?
Which Debt to pay off?
Are bonuses taxed at a different rate than your normal tax rate?
Help with a tax lien?
Micro-lending sites in the UK?
Is Progressive's Snapshot discount worth giving up the privacy?
Turning 19 in November. What do I do with my money?
What are the ways someone can generate passive income?
Getting preapproved for a mortgage? Buying a forclosure for our first home? 
Monthly family finance meeting? 
car loan interest???
What the...I have *too much* money for a credit card??
Any way we can put together a "Credit Cards for Dummies" type of post?
Anyone know anything about Lendingtree or similar sites?
Consequences of overdrafting?
Credit card options for people with bad credit?
Review of top ten online trading sites. Anyone have personal experiences to share?
I have problems with Google Finance... are there better alternatives?
Anybody else suspicious of the "cult of Vanguard" that seems to be evolving here?
23, military, 15k in savings, Vanguard Roth IRA?
Can I still get the money from past unfiled tax returns?
I just got married, but how does this affect finances/tax stuff?
Does anyone know the difference between a Canadian TFSA and a US Roth IRA?
Nearly 93% of all overdraft fee recipients overdraw their checking accounts FIVE times or more per year. I'm against overdraft fees, but why is the government trying to protect such irresponsible consumers?
Subreddit for credit repair?
Thoughts on Short Term Growth Investment w/ $5k?
How should I structure my finances once I'm married?
Why Is Your Credit Score Stuck?
Im a 17 year old, what could i do with my money that could last a long time?
Some non-expert advice on a large sum of money coming?
Can you become wealthy on $10 an hour?

Can r/personalfinance point me in the right direction?
Would this potentially harm my credit score?
Paying Annual Fee to Keep Credit History?
Is this supplemental retirement benefit worth it?
About to graduate with a lot of options - Peace Corps or Work? Career/money advice needed!
How safe is a 529 plan?
How would I find a tax professional?
How do I go about increasing my credit score?
Secured credit card for girlfriend?
Is a life insurance policy a good long-term investment strategy? (x-post from r/AskReddit)
Has anybody used Betterment? Thoughts?
I'm 23 and think I'm doing pretty well for myself - what does personalfinance think?
How to I get my finances in order and fix my credit? : (x-post from AskReddit)
Hi r/personalfinance. I've been subbed for quite a while now but I've never seen this question answered: how much of the advice here is relevant to people outside the US and Canada? [UK]
Is debt consolidation right for me? Looking for suggestions. 
Why no Schwab love in /r/personalfinance?
Anyone know of a good personal finance podcast?
Pay state taxes early? How does one do this?
Cobra or Private health Insurance Premiums a tax write-off?
Any thoughts on which European companies are currently undervalued without as much financial risk if Greece defaults?
What can I do now to start the process of saving? Help me form a plan.
Strategic Default?
Overdraft fees.  Am I the only one who isn't bothered by them?
Received a scam debt collection letter in the mail. What do I do?
Spare some change? (food for thought)
Why does my bank want me to refinance?
OK I'm hopeless, where do I start?
Saving for multiple goals?
In Vegas? Want to get a 6% savings 
account? SilverstateCU - Opinions if 
worth it - Several stipulations
When to pay off auto loan?
What is the best way to sell a town house when you had to move to another state for work?
Just got married - Where to put our money?
Should I move my Roth IRA?
Leaving Chase.  Online bank or local credit union?  I'm a finance noob.
Graduating college in Dec. 2012.. have some cash saved up, what can I do financially?
Credit unions and the NYCE system?
Best way to pay off student loans in order to boost credit?
Is it worth going to college?
What's the math on how long you can make minimum payments with credit ?
Good time to Buy Gold?
Paying off a lot of debt. Where do I start?
Extra cash: leave in savings or invest?
whats the best currency to buy at the moment with the english pound?
Single, no dependents, live with my parents - should I claim "0" or "1" on my W4?
What is considered a late payment and how does it affect your credit score?
Is this normal?
Suggestions or opinions on my first 401k portfolio? 
What do you wish you had known at 22 about personal finance?
Is defaulting OK in my case??  Could my wife get another mort, in her own name only?
23, no debt, 5k in savings. Now what?
How do I assess a mutual fund or a stock?
Can I get a basic rundown of how mutual funds and index fees work?
How do you find ethical banks and investments?
What do you think of this: "BBC Speechless As Trader Tells Truth"? (from /r/Worldnews)
Anyone else losing money in their Vanguard Roth IRA?
Bought a rental property. Buy more or pay down debt?
$300, Where/How do I invest?
Opening a checking account for $125 cash bonus?
Should I be buying UPRO over SPY for a 5+ year time horizon?
Canceling credit cards may sound wise, but is it? Move may have helped reader get mortgage, but may hurt in long run
Credit Consolidation; Do or Don't??
Credit Consolidation; Do or Don't??
I just got denied for a credit card on account of my low credit score. I went to access the report to find out the details and this is a question they ask. WTF? I rent. Why should I know this?
Does anyone know a cheaper online stock buying option than Option House($3.95 a trade) ? 
Is anyone interested in a travel rewards themed sub-reddit?
Right time to invest in REITs?
Mind checking out my 401(k) selections?
22 with no credit; just got first "real job" and am trying to plan a strong credit and financial future. Can I get some guidance?
What to do with Euro savings before Euro crisis/collapse?
Any opinions on Ally bank?
Looking to refinance. Any tips on getting the lowest payment?
how do I choose a credit card?
Has anyone had success negotiating banking fees?
If I get a nice rewards card and add my wife to the 
account and her $25k limit card goes fallow with 
disuse, will that adversely affect her credit score?
What's the flaw in my logic?
Should I pay off credit card card balance with my reserve credit limit?
Read, Studied but still confused. Guidance on my financial future?
Newly married, wife has very little understanding of money matters.  What are some resources I could use to start teaching her from the ground up?
Is there budgeting software the personalfinance recommends?
Got fired in February. Do I need to do anything with my 401k?
Will a cut-up credit card still work, if you glue it back together?
Sick of Bank of America. How can I leave without damaging my credit? 
Finally a U.S. Resident. Need to build my credit. Could anyone help me out?
Credit score impact, short history vs. high balance AU account?
Considering moving my checking/savings from Bank of America to either USAA or Schwab. Any reason I should pick one over the other?
Any way to earn money from idle cash in your bank account?
Available credit vs. annual income?
Debt Management Companies?
College Loan Refinancing, is it a good idea and how do I do it?
How exactly do payments work on store specific financing cards?
What's a good no fee credit card in Canada?
Turning down on a card, now what?
Bank is giving me moneyz! what do I do?!
What's the point of a CD in today's environment?
Bank won't let me make bi-weekly mortgage payments?
How do credit unions share their profits with their members?
Should I still fix a credit rating error if it's old?
Should I have a Roth IRA AND 401k?
USAA, Internet bank (Charles schwabb/Ally) or Local Credit Union?
Should I refinance my Prius?
I'd like to take advantage of the current low interest rates, what are some ways I can refinance my student loans?
Best secure or bad credit credit cards?
What's the difference in tax return between being a dependent and being independent?
How to read my credit score?
Can someone ELI5 about social security and freelancing?
What is a good strategy for transferring debt from 2 high interest credit cards?
USAA through my grandfather?
Applied for a secured credit card and I don't want it..What to do?
I signed up for a Gap credit card to save a chunk of change on purchase. How big of a mistake was this?
Just graduated college in a pretty good spot financially. What's my best course of action now?
Uh oh... credit card application not approved?
Anyone else have problems opening up an account at Ally Bank?
Advice about having a home in your name? I'm 22.
Anyone have a Costco AMEX card?
Is there any point to having an ING account anymore?
Is there a good credit card for earning points/money back for air-fare? 
strategy for improving credit...would this work?
Beyond CDs, stocks, and gold, what can I put my money in?
Looking to save up for a house while in College, what are my options?
Saving for a down payment &amp; high-interest checking accounts that are not FDIC insured?
Recommendations on where to open a Forex account?
Closing my BoA account. What now?
State or federally chartered credit union?
Need advice: Laid off from company, given severance package - How to minimize Uncle Sam's bite?
Stupid question: Should I be putting money in savings while I'm paying off my debt?
I have one credit card and only a debit card. Should I get another? 
Would anyone be interested in a service to avoid checking account monthly fees by doing a direct deposit?  (Chase, maybe others)
Just want to make sure I don't do something stupid: Dept. of Education Sallie Mae loans?
Looking for free financial advice? Mark Oct. 22 on your calendar
How can I best use ~$1500 per month in savings to make more money?
So I have some bonds....what next?
US estate tax: how does it work?
Best way to invest $100 a month?
I've been given $1,000 to begin investing with. Advice?
Should I convert my Australian dollars to yen now or wait?
What does r/pr think about diversifying my Roth IRA? [X-posted from r/investing]
Should You Rent Your Home?
Would you like to Rent Your Home Or Not?
I have about $500 in Credit Card and will soon be receiving a substantial amount of money. What's best for my credit score?
How do I get a $30K personal loan that I can pay off in 3-5 years?
Loads of college loans. New job. Where to begin?
Is land a good investment?
Can someone explain this stock to me? In particular the Volume, Market Cap, and Average Volume?
Couch Potato investing:  What split should I look at? (28y/o CDN, full time job, no debt, 30k in savings)
Legit or non-legit debt collectors?
Is anyone that has a Bank of America account NOT going to close it? If so, why not?
My employer doesn't match my 401k, should I stay with their plan?
Should I opt-in to my company's pension? 
Is there any difference between American Express and Visa/Mastercard anymore?
If i have defaulted on student loans, but resume payments, what are my chances of getting more loans?
Credit Card Number Was Stolen... what now?
I'm $15,000 in debt and now I need a new car. How much should I spend on it?
Hmmm... should I rethink my first real investment?
CD Ladders ?
What should I do with my potential graduation money?
What should a college kid who made an extra $6000 from a summer invest his money in? 
I make $9.25/hr and work 35 hours per week through school, is a retirement account advisable at this stage (employer matching is 4%) or should I just continue to put a percentage of my earnings into my savings?
This may be a silly question, but... what's the proper way to close a bank account?
What credit card(s) do you use?
Looking to make good on old debts... good or bad idea?
Buying a House in Cash - Smart/Stupid?
When negotiating a lump-sum credit card payoff for a portion of the debt, what should you strive for in terms of how it is reported to credit agencies?
Can anyone explain why my credit card keeps getting declined ONLY at rail ticket machines?
What bank has a good interest rate?
Schwab index funds not so great after all?
For those who had the Schwab 2% cash back card, BAC bought it and is making it less generous. Where are you switching to?
Why did my student loan magically stop being reported on my credit report? Trying to get out of debt and improve credit...
Best way to send money from overseas to my US bank account? 
Recent college grad looking to establish credit. Any pointers?
Should I dispute a slightly misspelled name on my credit report?
Will I be charged the upcoming Bank of America debit card fee?
Can someone example escrow accounts as it pertains to mortgages?
Can everyone get a secured credit card?
Recent college grads: where do you go to pay off your loans??
Good uses for my savings?
How much do I need to retire young? (21 no debts)
Would paying more than the minimum hurt my chances to consolidate?
Will opening a Marriott Rewards Visa damage my 800+ Fico Score?
FreeScoresUSA? Is this legit?
Need some money until end of the month. Suggestions?
Got a new job making a good bit more money. How and where should I put my extra money?
Consolidate Direct Loans of Student and Parent plus loans together?  or something?
What exactly are stock options?
Pay off school loans or car loan first?
When should I get a new credit card?
Sufficient capitalization for an LLC (to avoid piercing of the corporate veil)?
Who should I refinance my student loans with?
Best way to tackle ~$50k in student loans?
is derogatory credit fixable?
Secondary student loan advice?
Does anyone here not pay Fed Taxes automatically and invest that money over the course of the year?
College Student - Left current job with 401K - Roll over into what?
How do you handle a monthly budget?
Are there tricks to keeping your internet bill down?
2 Weeks Till Imminent Economic Meltdown. What do you do?
I don't have a credit score. Do I need one?
I am a member of a credit union but haven't used my accounts there in many years, why should i switch my saving and checking accounts from Chase to them?
Spare Income...Looking for thoughts?
Tried to close BOFA account, waited 3 business days, mystery charge appears. BOFA no help. Was this them trying to keep the account open?
High Yield Savings/Investment Advice?  
I have a chance to completely pay off my mortgage. Should I?
Does the company I choose for life insurance matter?
Wife's Per Diem job doesn't pay Social Security, Will she be eligible for retirement benefits?
Switching bank accounts to american express?
An internet bank that takes cash deposits at ATMs?
Relationship between various entities in a credit card transaction?
What to do when the market is in the toilet and investing just aint worth it? Go into debt!
Best way to improve already good credit?
Just hit the social security tax limit for the year, what do you do?
Is it common for a company to require you to add them to your insurance to reimburse mileage?
Borrowing against your 401k, thoughts?
Thoughts on cancelling an AMEX charge card?
Tenant's insurance - is it worth it? How does it work with multiple tenants on a lease?
How to make corrections to your credit reports &gt;30 days after you receive them?
How can I find what sort of lobbying a bank does?
Proper method of Transferring Money Between Banks to get away from BofA?
Should I Take Advantage of Credit Card Balance Transfer Offers?
How will consolidating my CCs effect my credit?
I have a dual citizenship.  What can I do with it?
I have a dual citizenship. What can I do with it?
Downsides with putting everything on a credit card for rewards?
Myers Park Mortgage? Anyone?
Is there any way to lower interest rate of private student loans?
Where to go after leaving the big banks?
Roth 401k vs Roth IRA: Unless I exceed the yearly max on the Roth 401k, is there any point to also having a Roth IRA?
What websites/blogs have taught you the most about personal finance and money management?
Should my mom claim bankruptcy?
You have $40,000, what would you do?
Can I file my W4 as 'exempt'?
How to choose a credit union?
Drunkenly ordered a new credit card last night but didn't use it...leave it alone or cancel immediately?
I am getting a check for $20,000... What to do?
Branchless (online) banks?
Looking at credit unions, anyone have experience with Altra Federal Credit Union?
Trying to figure out how to start investing? Might I (and 50 or so experts) suggest ... indexing?
Paying 7.1% on student loans.  Any cheaper options?
Stafford loan rate increase??
I travel for work, living out of hotels. Help with finding a nation-wide or online credit union? 
My student loan will be forgiven in 2017, should I change my payment plan?
How much to bodily injury should I carry on my auto insurance policy?
Switch from large regional to credit union?
There's been a lot of talk about taking money out of a bank and putting it in a CU.  If many people do this, and one or two of the major banks fail, what will be the effect on the economy be?
Need a bank for joint-account. Which is best in terms of opening "benefits" or least fees?
More and more people are joining Credit Unions-- now what?
How much should a recent grad be contributing to his or her IRA?
why won't Capital One approve a new credit card?
Reinvest into my portfolio or open a Roth IRA?
I have a bunch of money, what do I do?
Anybody taking part in Bank Transfer Day?
Which bank is best for credit cards??
Do I need an umbrella policy?
How do i get a credit card with fair/good credit please?
Rebalance a portfolio?
$300/month to invest. Which is better (for me) to start with: TFSA or RRSP?
What book (or bit of advice) gave you your 'aha' moment in investing?
Is there any reason for me to open an IRA?
Preferred Stock and Corporate Bonds?
Is it possible for an American to get a chip and pin card?
Ex-girlfriend cashed a check out of spite I thought she tore up.  It bounced.  What recourse do I have now that the money is back in my account?  What happens next?
How should I set aside $8K to fund my 15yr term ins. premiums?
Is USAA worth it for non-military members?
MIL and her mountain of debt, any ideas?
I went to open up a business bank account and apparently I owe chase bank a small debt (~300 usd) how do I contact them to get this payment settled?
If you had a million dollars, what would you do with it?
USAA dividend payments to checking/savings accounts?
What do you hate about USAA and Schwabb?
What are the risks when choosing a Credit Union?
Chase Sapphire. Yay or Nay?
Free return flight UK-USA (coming from UK). How can I make money from this?
Liberal Dave Ramsey?
Should I get another credit card just for the bonuses?
My Schwab Visa getting canceled without required 45 days' written notice. Anyone else not receive their notice?
What sort of professional should I go to for advice? Or maybe reddit can help me?  Trying to figure out how to move to a larger home, and get out of upside-down condo without a short sale/forclosure.  Details inside
Strategies for joint finances? Looking for ideas/discussion.
Switching to online banks - very slow for anyone else?
Risk-Free Stock Investing?
Just checked my 401(k) first time this year. Down 15%. Am I doing something wrong?
Anyone have any experience dealing with Consumers Credit Union?
I just won about $25,000 after taxes. Now what?
Can nomads use Credit Unions?
Are i-bonds as good as they seem to be?
Inflation was at 3%, my interest rate is at 1.2%. Does this mean I'm (effectively) losing money?
Category-limited Credit Cards: Terrible idea or possible budget tool?
Best way to go about buying a Total Bond Market Index Fund?
Pay off lower interest variable-rate loan or higher interest fixed-rate loan?
$15,000 loan at 7% APR for 4 years. Pay it off ASAP or invest elsewhere?
Say you can bring in a few hundred bucks extra each month.  What would you do to turn that into more income?
I'm a recent college grad thats underemployed and in debt, but should I still start a 401k/roth ira? 
One small student loan, one big student loan. Same interest rate. Pay off one first?
On the 1st I make my final car payment. But now I have "extra" money. What to do?
Would you recommend Ally for personal checking?
Who else has the Amex Blue Cash Preferred Card?
Survey: How Can Your Money Drawer Serve You Better?
Penny stock help?
Will cancelling a credit card I have had for a while that gets transferred to a new bank I despise negatively affect my credit?
What is the best way to try and get a personal loan of around $10k to help with debt consolidation if my credit score is really low?
Convert Traditional IRA (rolled over 401K) to Roth IRA?
Good money blog? - not just credit card reviews
Help me create a budget?
Bank of America Student Platinum credit card, any hidden fees or anything I need to know before I start using?
Best Taxable Account Custodian/Broker?
New to US - Max out my 401(k) before Jan. 1?
How accurate is CreditKarma?
what to do with my cash ?
I have a home loan that was sold to Wells Fargo. Can I transfer this loan to a Credit Union without substantial fees?
How do I know if the new Wells Fargo checking fees will apply to me?
Do I need a credit card to build good credit?
I have one credit card and no debt.  I'm 22.  How do I best use a credit card to establish credit?
Which bank should I choose?
Redirected from r/economics: What is the best way to protect one's savings from the economic crisis?
Any reason to pay extra principal on mortgage?
ELI5 why this utilites ETF is considered high risk?
So I just signed up with Alliant Credit Union and learned after the fact that there's a $1500 (daily?) limit on eDeposit Plus. Is there a way to increase the limit?
About to shred a whole bunch of stuff. What do I need to save?
How do you track your finances?
What do you think about all this Bank Transfer Day stuff?
Postponing college indefinitely... use college savings to pay off car?
Why not have everything in "Government Bond Index Fund"?
Tips to make saving more "fun" ?
How do I decide my asset allocation?
TSP Loan to Pay off Debts?
5 "collections" on my credit report from 2 companies whom neither have called me or attempted to collect any debt from me for at least 2 months. What can I do?
How much do I need at retirement?
Need to Save Money? [infographic]
Denied for credit card because of income?
Pay off school loans &gt; 3%, min payment on rest?  When should low interest loans be paid off quickly?
My credit score dropped from 715 to 700 in the last month.  Why'd this happen?
I am a student (i.e. low liquidity). I would like to trade options, but Fidelity won't let me. What to do?
760 FICO score, currently pay 5% fixed rate on home, and I owe less than it is worth, so in a good position.  Should I refi to take advantage of the low rates?
Are financial advisers worth it if I am willing to spend a little bit of time doing research on my own?
Closing out 6 accounts with Bank of America, totaling $150k+. How do I make the most of it?
Paying Tuition With a Credit Card?
I have 15k from selling my share of a business I was in. What should I do with it?
I'm beginning to plan a college-finance seminar, what did you want to know in college?
Suggestions on what to do with 10k? Looking into money market account.
Should I pay off my student loans or wait?
Should I keep shares of my company's stock purchase plan?
A family member filed for bankruptcy recently. Am I danger/do I have anything to worry about? 
How to add a credit card that is closed but I'm still paying off to mint.com?
Settle credit card or get payments back on track?
Company merged and automatically liquidated my position - Is this normal? 
Can I _actually_ afford a 400k mortgage?
Created finance spreadsheet(details inside.) What now?
Can anyone offer advice on how I should handle being billed for a service I've already cancelled? (xposted from AskReddit)
Should I pay off my credit card as I use it or let it pile up and pay it off at the end of the month?
Suggestions on the best place to start?
Should I roll over my old 401k? What are my options?
Money market accounts or safe places to leave cash?
It's the Oregon Trail for our time. How long can you last?
I requested a credit increase 2 months ago, will it affect my credit score if I request another one so soon?
Are there any credit unions that let you scan in checks like Chase does?
my ex has a credit card with a high balance that has my name attached to it. is there any way for me to remove my name from being associated with this account? 
Smartypig users?
So, I just got $500, and I want to invest it in a mutual fund. Where do I start?
Just checked 401k for first time in 2 years. YTD -5.42% :(. Do you guys re-allocate your 401k across risk adverse funds if you aren't feeling the market?
Why don't people check their credit report? 
Where do I even start? These are my debts.
MY mom is considering filing for bankruptcy. Should she go ahead?
Thinking of opening a checking account, and applying for a credit card. What's the best order?
My mother can't afford life insurance. I am a student willing to pay her premium. What is my best option?
College dropout, broke, piles of debt...where do I start?
Who else here has stopped buying their FICO score since they raised the price and removed discounts?
I opened some IRAs with a broker back when I was still scared of trying to invest on my own. Now that I've gotten my feet wet I'd like to get control of those IRAs; is that possible?
I'm looking to start a new credit card. What are the best "reward" options and your personal suggestions?
Credit card?
Can adding an authorized user to my credit card hurt my credit score in any way?
Should I look into a secured credit card or should I keep applying for better cards?
I have a 401(a) and pension. Do I need an IRA too?
So, I happen to have 50000€. What's the best thing 
to do?
Can I get a recommendation for a debt counsellor / consolidation service in Ontario / Toronto?
Is it possible to do a balance transfer from one person's card to another person's? With their permission of course.
How hard is it to get a line of credit?
Intern here, where do I put my money so it grows most effectively for eventual use?
Error on my credit report in my favor: call and get it fixed, or hope it sorts itself out?
Best Visa or Master Card with no annual fee?
Should I Wipe Away My Debts or Stay the Course?
How likely will tobacco stock be to succeed in the upcoming years?
downsides to a $300 credit card offer?
Need to open more accounts to improve my credit report?
Should I apply for a credit card now that I know my salary for next year?
How does signing over a check to a third party work?
Move Your Money: "We're releasing a new tool called Banxodus that helps people find good-guy banks in their community. Want to be one of the first to see Banxodus - or help us research banks in your area? Sign up."
$5K in debt. Best way to get out?  Pretty "typical" income/expenses... any suggestions?
Want to Retire Early? You Don't Need Riches.
Pay off remaining debt or continue saving, making above-minimal payments?
Pay off debt or continue saving, making above-minimal payments?
How to credit card companies determine the amount of a credit line increase?
Health/Dental insurance: small business employer in US doesn't offer them as benefits. What are my options?
SaveUp - new rewards site for getting out of debt?
Who Else Wants an Excellent Credit Score?
Betterment.com - What's Your Opinion?
does Mint.com play well with Smartypig's Cash Reward Card?
What are the best options I have to refinance my private loans?
Switching banks - I'm conflicted!!! What would you value more?
How do I pay as little in taxes as possible?
How do I use my credit card to build my credit?
What is the point of an interest rate like 3%?
Chase Freedom: limitations on combining cashback rewards?
A gift of coins, now what?
Are there banks (credit unions etc) that offer convenient checking accounts without maintenance fees?
I'm getting married soon, and neither of us have any assets to speak of. Do we really need a prenuptial agreement?
have some extra money saved... what should I do?
Alliant or UFBDirect for savings?
Recommendations for online rollover IRA (x-post from r/investing)?
I just got a job but taxes confuse me? Where do I start?
Is it bad to pay off a student loan TOO soon?
19 years old, I have been working since i got out of high school and have a solid 5,000 USD saved up, whats the best thing to do with this money?
How much money does a typical person have in their savings/checkings accounts? [x-post from r/Frugal]
College Plan for nieces (ESA? Prepaid? 529?)
How does one get credit card offers in the mail?
Would you count restricted stock units as part of your net worth?
Are all 401(k) investments limited to financial securities?
Are all 401(k) investments limited to financial securities?
Should I even activate my credit card?
NYC-Area Banks: Any Recommendations?
Ditched credit 6 years ago, just paid off my car loan. Is not having a credit card hurting me?
First car, should I pay cash, finance, or lease?
How bad is a 652 score...really?  
Are there things that institutions can see on my credit report that I can't?
401(k) with no company match?
How much should I be spending on rent?
The oh-so-common First Credit Card, with no history...  advice? 
Random Thoughts: Referendums, Greeks &amp;Movember ?
Pay additional money towards mortgage principal or invest elsewhere?
My coworker is saving for retirement for both her and her husband in only one 401k account. Bad idea?
I have a simple IRA that I no longer contribute to. What do I do with it?
Pay off 0% interest credit cards or hold onto the cash and invest it for 6 months?
Why did my credit card application got denied?
High interest savings accounts...?!
X post- Best way to earn interest on a small amount of money? (UK)
What to do with really old debt in collections?
Does anyone not have a savings account?  (Savings vs checking account)
How do you use credit cards?
Do you contribute the max of Roth IRA &amp; 401(k) (~$22k/yr)?  If not, why?
So I know a lot of people are jumping ship from their BofA, Wells Fargo, and Chase bank accounts but what is your opinion on TD Bank? Anyone still bank with them?
Moved to UK, should I leave my money in a Canadian savings account?
Cancel BoA Credit Card - suggestions for non-big bank credit cards?
Any Math geniuses here? I'm trying to determine if it's more beneficial to pay my student loan or invest in a IRA.
Would financial institutions looking at my credit report constantly be negligible data?
I want to punch Time Warner Cable in their mega-corporation face! What to do about this fraudulent charge?
What should I do with my money? 
Is there any reason to keep anything more than your "emergency fund" in your bank?
Credit card from a big bank - does this earn them money at all?
best way to save most of my high income as a student?
best way to save most of my high income as a student?
Should new or small dollar investors consider trading options?
Does anyone have any experience with Ally bank? (Specifically a checking account)
I am considering acquiring some property as an investment and rental income source.  What are some good books/websites on this topic?
Does anyone bank with Capital One? Could I get a review? 
I make about $2400 a month.  What could I realistically afford for rent?
What's the best way to save?  How much cash on hand do I need?
Better off investing in the stock / bonds market or paying off house?
Best way to raise a credit score from a 515 to a 620?
Want to basically pay a car payment to myself.  Where do I put it?
Should I pay an annual fee of $30 to reduce my cc. interest from 19.4% to 11.8%?
Best Investment Vehicle for engagement ring in 1.5 years, a new car in 2 years, and a house in 4-6?
Should I take a full time position instead of self employment(contract work)? 
Planning to move (rent) soon, but credit is horrible. What can I do?
What interest rate are you earning on your current investments? 
If you pay debt faster pay less interest over the long term, how do you pay yourself back?
How much money do I need to have saved before I can move out?
Relocation - new credit card?
I'm 20 years old and have $50 to my name. Any basic guides on how to save/manage my money well?
CATS Cert. Taking forever to come back. What to do? 
Reddit, I need some student loan debt advice. Can you help?(/xpost from AskReddit)
Best place to find my credit score?
My company has a 401k match but I'm pretty sure I read somewhere I have to work there for 2 years to collect their match. Does this ring true? I'm calling HR tomorrow but thought I'd ask because I'm curious.
Hey forum, I have a Credit Karma score of 702 but only one line of credit. Do you think I'll be able to get approved for this card?
Want to get my money away from Chase: ING vs. Ally vs. USAA vs ????    GO!
Anyone have good suggestions of activities or videos that teach financial literacy to teens?
How to take care of small medical debt in collections?
Aside from being really shiny and telling me how much money I've wasted, what are some of the best ways to use Mint.com?
Most economical family car for the money? I'm looking at the Mazda 3. Need some tips on negotiate and have a few questions. 
Investing? Keep it simple, stupid! In a study of 66,465 households from 1991 to 1996, the 20% of traders with the highest turnover underperformed the most.
Want to tackle student loans harder, 8 years after graduation. What to do?
Looking to set-up liquid emergency fund. Where shoud I start?
I am a recent college grad who is now beginning to pay off student debt. How do I keep track of all the loans?
How to consolidate student loan?
Is using a web- or software-based Will creator a bad idea for parents with young families and limited assets?
Capital One website down?
Credit Sesame -- trustworthy?
Should I be worried about my bank?
Help: Ideal choice for a Main CC for all purchase?
Can anyone recommend for me a credit union in central New jersey that will be good for my small business?
Being a long-time customer of a financial institution: how has that helped you?
xpost from frugal, how much is enough?
Buying a car for dummies?
Wife and I are starting a "buying a house" account. What kind of account should we put it in?
Where should I move my money?
Mutual Funds- Where do I start?
Is there a good way to set up a diversified portfolio with no goal?
Anyone familiar with Chase Freedom Rewards Credit Card? Question in regards to $200 Cash Back Bonus
You've just inherited $10 million dollars. What do you do in the next 365 days and why?
What does a balanced portfolio look like?
Does Your Dog Have A Better Credit Score Than You?
How much should it cost for a bankruptcy in New York State?
$20k to pay-off student loans. Is this going to hurt my credit rating? 
New Chase Card - I can legally request they forward the credit report they received during the qualification process?
My average net monthly income is $2277. I have no debts. I have $6000 in savings.  I'm Iooking at a 1 year lease for $700 a month w/ about $150 a month for utilities.  Y/N? 
What should I do with my insurance settlement money? 
Foreign exchange service that lets me set a trigger price for transfer?
Should I keep my savings in Euro?
AskPersonalFinance: Father-in-law passed away.  Wife and I would like to move up to a bigger house w/ her mother.  Financially, is this a good time to do it?  Is this a good idea at all? (details inside)
How do I buy a car I can't afford?
Will Suntrust close my HELOC after I pay it off without sufficient equity in my house?
I know I have to pay to see my actual FICO score, but what is the cheapest way for me to do that?
I have no emergency fund. Do I stop 401K contributions until I have 3 months saved?
What's a good interest rate on a car loan?
Borrow against 401K to avoid mortgage insurance?
How have you actually spent your emergency funds?
Saving about 1.5-2k per month. What should I do with it?
Any good budgeting/tracking software(for mac)?
Do you estimate your emergency fund at your current rate of spending, or the spending rate you'd expect if you lost your job?
How big of a deal is it to have a "emergency Fund" in the stock market?
Can creditors see how much I have in my bank account when I apply for a credit card? 
What is the best real estate aggregator website out there? I miss google real estate :(
(Financial Aid) Entering University next fall.  Have a few hundred in savings.  Will I be expected to contribute from this?
Payoff debt or hold emergency savings?
(Financial Aid) Entering University next Fall.  I have a few hundred dollars in savings.  Will I be expected to contribute from this?  Should I be doing something else with my money?
Banks Quietly Ramping Up Costs to Consumers. Need to replace a 
lost debit card? BoA charges $5. Deposit money with a mobile 
phone? At U.S. Bancorp, it is now 50c a check. Cross post from r/
creditunions.
Student Loan Advice?
Going to be renting an apartment soon, important questions to ask?
What Kind Of Term Insurance To Buy?
I need a financial advisor or something of the sort. My current one sucks. Advice?
New here, first question: Southwest Card could save me $800 for holiday flights. Any reason not to?
To pay off home loan, or not to pay off home loan?
Advice for a financially sinking college student?
Do You Understand Your Credit Reporting Rights?
How much financial aid can a 24 year old expect from fafsa?
Legally changed my name and graduated college back in August. I want to check my credit score but I have no idea how, or what complications I should expect. Help?
Just started cleaning up my credit report, how long before I start seeing an increase in my FICO score?
What are some personal finance or investment related questions you're too embarrassed to ask because you might sound like an idiot?
Should I switch to a High-deductible health insurance plan with my son on Medicare?
Reverse mortgage for 74 yo parents?
How confident are you in the stock market for long term?
How much is a startup's venture capital taxed? And if the venture capital is used to pay the salaries of founders, how much of it goes towards tax?
How does withdrawing from my mutual fund work?
Any good debt-tracking webapps out there?
Saving/investing for a new car. 15 year timeline. Advice?
I had no idea what I was doing when setting up my 401(k). Did I mess up?
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) -- What to do if I plan on quitting mid-year?
I'm 25 years old and have $5,000 with which I want to open a retirement account. What's the best way for me to invest?
Received a $50k inheritance - what can I do as a smart financial interim measure while I decide what to do with it?
Can one retire off $1,000,000?
Does /r/personalfinance have any advice for my situation?
Credit Karma thinks closing my oldest account won't affect me.  Can that be right?
Debt consolidation loan: If you were me, wouldja?
[xpost from frugal] Is this a case for not worrying about inflation? - Inflation May Hit Splurge Items More Than Staples
If I have $45k cash, what listed home price can I realistically be looking to buy?
Will credit pull for a corporate credit card impact my credit score?
Lowered my credit limit?
Should I close my credit card account if I don't plan on using it anymore?
Active duty military overseas--stick with my stateside bank account/credit card or find something new?
Could somebody please explain the steps detailing how to invest money into stocks and also how to exchange stocks back for money?
How does a 20-year old get approved for a credit card?
Why does /r/personalfinance wear/display/write/show off credit score as a badge of honor?
It's almost tax time. Are you one of the ones dreading the 1099c canceled debt income?
First credit card: Should I? If so, from who?
Is this a good plan for my signing bonus?
I want to claim 99 dependents on my W-4 form so that very little taxes are withheld from my paychecks. Is this legal?
Reddit, I'm finding myself in a situation to actually start saving money. What are the basics I (and everyone) need to know?
Good Reviews / Suggestions For Long Term Planning &amp; Personal Finance Software?
Am I doing the right things? Debt/401K/Savings.
Which do I pay off first?
I just found out that my employer does 40% matching on both traditional 401k and Roth IRAs. What should I do?
Would it be better or not to sign up for benefits for a part-time job?
Should I Wipe Away My Debt or Stay the Course?
Thoughts on tax implications of a bonus vs. salary increase?
/personalfinance, what credit card do you use?
Reddit, I start my very first job next week... I dont want to be like my friends and blow it. What should I do with my paychecks?
Does anyone have an opinion on the AmEx Starwood Preferred Guest Card?
Do I have to report this on my FAFSA?
I need a loan but ruined my credit. Is a "bad credit? no credit? don't worry!" loan my only option?
Unauthorized charges on my card recently. Should I consider changing companies?
Advice on sending money from US to EU country?
Making disposable income online - is it possible?
I'm considering asking my parents for a low interest car loan...bad idea?
i just got enough cash to pay off a debt.  any 'slick' way to pay it off?
How do I ask for a raise based on inflation rates? 
iBonds without TreasuryDirect?
Stock broker recommendations?
Next steps for a former Schwab 2% cashback Visa customer?
Long term relationship partner attempting to declare bankruptcy, are my assets in danger?
How do I finance $3000 in out of pocket surgery costs?
I want to save/invest for a house, my kid's university, and my own retirement -- what's the best way to go about doing all three things with a limited income?
Highest limit credit card missing from Credit Reports?
What do you use for Money Management software?
Why should I switch from my large bank to a credit union, and what should I look for in a credit union when I switch?
Help with picking a 403(b) vendor?
Should I keep a personal depreciation schedule?
With steady income and mortgage, what is a good amount of 'savings' to maintain?
New six-figure job. What do I do now?
Needing Advice, should I file bankruptcy ?
Purchasing a house with partner - how do I protect myself?
Is My Fidelity 401k Balanced Correctly?
Simple question: is it possible for me to "sign over" a check to a friend? How do I do this? 
My college loans are being deferred, but I can afford to keep paying them. Should I?
Have Visa/Discover/Amex; any reason to get a Mastercard?
Which would be better to increase my credit score?
Anyone have advice on student loan consolidation?
Better to pay off low interest card completely, or part of high interest card?
whats the likely-hood that ill be able to get an auto loan with a maxed credit card?
How can one possibly respect the ideas of any author/website/publication who does not even know how to spel?
No debt, 81k/year, how much house can I afford if I buy a car also?
Will my mother's financial burden fall on me when she's gone?
"Home-owning couple in need of some financial advice: Who pays what/how much?"
Home-owning couple in need of some financial advice: Who pays what/how much?
When someone pays me $2500 into my bank account and it turns into € 1800, was my income $2500 or € 1800?
Retirement contributions or paying off debt early?
Bought into a partnership this year -- Any chance the $ is deductible?
Where should my money be while saving for a house?
Personal Finance android apps: What would you like to see?
Any thoughts on the Kroger 1-2-3 Rewards card...is it a good idea if we shop there a lot and purchase Kroger brands?
Advice for student?
What builds more credit when paying your credit card bill, paying all of it or just some of it?
Is it time for bankruptcy? I can no longer cover all of my expenses.
Minimum Credit req.'s for FHA loan? (Credit history in text)
How to obtain one's credit score for free?
Any benefits in consolidating 3 subsidized Stafford Loans?
1st Post-Grad Job, 26m, $70K, Why do I feel poor?
Sick of looking for housing on craigslist? Use PadMapper instead!
Have a ~10 year bet with a friend, where is the best place to store the money until it is payed out?
Moderate risk investment for ~5 years?
Offset mortgages, what's in it for the banks?
Flexible spending limit affecting my credit score?
is 4.5% actually reasonable for a mortgage right now or should I shop around for something under 4%?
What should I plan for after I graduate?
Credit card with 0.00% APR?
Does this imply you should run away from Ally (and a bunch of other banks)?
Lemon.com?
I'm beneficiary on "located assets"...legit? Ideas on circumventing?
With a credit score greater then 825, why did I get turned down for an auto loan?
What exactly is a mutual fund and is it a good idea?
Using 401k To Buy A House – Is It A Good Idea?
Should I cancel my old credit cards? And how?
I have some accounts in collections. Should I deal with the original creditors or the collection agencies?
Should I take out student loans if I have money?
Suggestions for investment as a student with $10k?
Investment people: My company is asking if I want to do a 403(b) thrift plan. Any advice? 
Company going through bankruptcy, should I keep my 401k contributions?
how long does it take for collections debt to show up on credit report?
What do I do if I've overdrafted an account?
If the Euro is very close to collapse, what are you redditors who hold Euros doing to shelter your wealth?
Are Businesses Using Your Credit Score Against You?
My biggest expense is a $200 drug that I have to take to keep from dying young... how can I keep my treatment from ruining me financially?
I'm a college graduate with very little knowledge about the banking system and where to put and save my money. Where do I start? 
Am I an idiot?
Bill Collectors Calling Your Cell Phone? Probably not legal!
Is it a wise for me to buy an apartment?
Anyone else noticing in Mint.com Green dollar signs embedded within statement, which when clicked, are targeted ads?
401k Payout. Rigged?
Who do I see about a possible identity theft?
Does anyone know more about Simple? 
Can someone help me figure out what this is? (Alterna Credit Union Investment)
Am I doing this right? (debt plan)
So, on average, how much do the day laborers who hang out in the Home  Depot lot make per hour?
What kind of budget/savings should I look at before doing a work holiday?
Can you guys offerme advice? 
Where to find a time series of MN Mortgage rates?
How do I go about getting a credit card? (19 year old needs advice)
I can't find any trace of a student loan.  What do I do?
When Creating a budget, what is one item (expense) that sometimes gets overlooked?
Some business logistic and financial questions? Maybe wrong sub but I'd appreciate any input! 
When Should I Start Applying for a Real Credit Card with rewards or What Score Should I Shoot For?
Can I help Mod personal finance?
My otherwise great credit union is charging unwarranted fees, any advice?
Will closing a credit card affect my credit score or ability to buy a house within the next year?
Would it be wise to buy a house now? Or stay in an apartment?
What do you do with the surplus left over from your monthly budget?
Saving for your second house - Paying down first mortgage?
Have yet to receive refund from cancelled furniture last Saturday.  How should I proceed?
How many credit cards is it safe to apply for?
In the USA, the best interest rate I can get on my savings is around 1%, even for Certificates of Deposit. In Australia the rates approach 5% for guaranteed deposits. Do you know of any high yield savings vehicles in your area?
How do I get a clear a  163$ charge off of my credit report?
As part of a worker's comp settlement (in MA) I need to purchase an annuity to meet the Judge's approval. A 5 year $200,000 annuity pays out only $197,042! How can I improve this?

Why does the bank that holds my credit card keep sending me better deals?  Why not just switch ny current card over to the better terms and rewards?

Small biz loans: Credit unions to the rescue?
Does anyone who lives outside the USA have a question?
FireCalc: "With what you have today, and what it costs you to live, can you retire and maintain the same lifestyle?" [Useful Calculator]
Has anyone else seen an unexplained collection account pop up on Credit Karma?
Should I transfer my balance to a new credit card or pay it off entirely and start a new one?
Pay off 50k in student loans, or put large chunks of cash toward first child's education (incoming in March)?
Does being a co-signer on a loan (as a guarantor) show up on your credit report as a debt?
Starting to save for retirement. How risk averse should I be?
Might move in 2 years, should i buy a house? 
PF, got a minute?
$17k in debt, solution to problem, good or bad idea? 
Is it bad to sign up for an incentive credit card offer (e.g. 50,000 miles free), collect the reward, and then cancel the card?
Got my first real job. Should I max out Roth IRA before end of the year?
What is the earliest date you can file your 2011 taxes?
Legal issues with contributing to SO's 401k?
Need credit score to go up 5 points by end of the month? Is it possible?
PF, do employers match contributions on post tax Roth 401ks?
I've always done my taxes using my W2, but this year I bought a house. How hard would it be to do it myself?
Reducing credit card interest rate?
How much gross/net income would a bank want if you would be applying for a 14K car loan?
Switching to credit union... how do I time moving my direct deposit, cash, and my auto-pay bills?
Alternative to SmartyPig? Interest rate is now below 1%... Where should I put my money now? 
Advice? BofA allowed a charge to go through, then charged me for declining it, and charged me for then having a negative account they created.
Consumer Finance Protection Bureau proposes a new prototype "online/interactive" credit card agreement for Dodd-Frank Act Compliance.  Think this will help consumers avoid getting into debt that they cannot repay?
How much should I be paying for rent?  Single, no debt, no car payments, 67.7k in NC.
I have a surplus of $1,500 from my interest free student loan. What are some ways to agressively invest it? (CA)
Is it worth paying $1700 a month in loans?
Credit Card for a 10 year old?
What is the minimum $$ for a single income household with a spouse and 2 kids?
401k or Student Loans?
Savings account with sub-accounts?
Alternative to Fidelity Freedom Fund 2050?
I'm at the very planning stages of ERE, with little savings. In mapping out my next decade of labor... now: what kind of investment vehicles are out there and what sort of return should I expect?
Credit card / Checking account that lets you draw from multiple sub-accounts?
Should I get a Life Insurance?
To Refinance, Do Nothing, or Pay Off My Mortgage?
Pay down student loans faster or contribute to Roth IRA?
Help: What should I do with a $8000 check?
New job, make minimum wage...how much should I be putting aside for 'rainy days'?
What tax breaks can I get as a single 25yr old?
What to do with savings? Help a noob.
How should I save for my Niece?
TIL that the average person with an 800+ credit score has 7+ open credit cards ... AND more debt on them than a 500-. Does this seem excessive in either/both regard(s) to anyone else?
Why do I still owe interest?
What's that, Paypal? I've earned the right to get screwed by you?
How should I invest $1000?
Spending money like a drunken sailor during the holidays. Anyone else in the same boat?
What is better for a Home Loan? A lump sum payment of principal once every year or increasing the monthly installment?
DAE watch this show mainly to feel better about their own finances?
My credit score is 620.  Would I be able to negotiate a ~$6k loan?
Seriously: what is(/are) the best looking credit card(s) you know of (that don't charge outrageous fees)?
How much should I put aside each month for a down payment?
[Student] Are private loans for college really a bad idea? Also, I really need advice for my future (please)?
Getting back to saving: Where is the best place to keep my rainy day fund? Savings Account, CD, other low-risk relatively liquid investment?
Debating between two different options for my first credit card. Could anyone weigh in?
How do you set aside (save) money from your paycheque? What are some methods? Do you have a separate bank account? Multiple savings accounts? Keep cash in an envelope?
Paying X interest on my house each month. What investment vehicle/s can I invest in that would outweigh the benefits of me over-paying towards my principle?
First-time car buyer, how do I proceed? 
How do you manage utility bills with roommates?
I have zero credit card debt, and a credit score of 624. Is applying for new credit cards to help my utilization/credit score feasible?
Just found out that I have a small amount of money in an old SIMPLE IRA.  What should I do?
US Citizen, will be working in Greenland 1-2years or more; International Taxes? Wage Negotiation?
Is it difficult for a self-employed person to be approved for a personal credit card?
Banks without fees for online management software (Mint.com)?
EE Bond Help?
Sitting on a lot of cash. Should I be putting it somewhere else or just holding out for things to get worse?
Would it be a benefit (interest wise) if I open a foreign bank account? 
Trying to move out/first time independent.. do these numbers look right to you? (Also, update)
What is the best credit card for little to no credit history?
[x-post from r/frugal] $280k debt/$160k salary (starting next Fall). How fast can I get out of debt?
Is a Chase credit card better or American Express?
Does the bank that I make an RRSP at matter? (CA)
Has anyone have experience with Ally Demand Notes? Does it make sense to switch from a money market account?
Where should I keep my emergency fund? [Canada]
What happens to my money if the underlying companies or my discount brokerage go bankrupt?
What is the best way to pay off student loans? 
I have an LLC I have never used. How do I file?
Best bank to buy Euros?
How do I get rid of my lease?
any experience with the CO Venture card?
Sitting on some money. What can I do with it?
Reevaluating my finances - have about $40k total - recommendations?
are capital gains taxed differently if you file jointly or not?
If I'm about to purchase plane tickets and book hotels for several trips in the near future, what is the best credit card to use for these purchases to get the biggest bang for my buck (rewards/miles)?
Digging out from debt - is this a reasonable strategy?
Can I contribute directly to SIMPLE IRA?
best way to save for retirement?
What is the best way to make small recoccuring charges on a credit or debit card?
If I refinance my mortgage will it affect my payment much? Details inside.
Can paying off my Student Loans early hurt my credit score?
how do I get an auto loan?
What’s Worst The 1929 Great Depression or 2011 Depression?
I got a new job a few months ago, but didn't know anything about financing. Just discovered this subreddit. Did my financial adviser lie to me?
Help: Which mortgage loan should I pay off first?
401(k) - what is the ideal amount to contribute based on employer contributions?
Here it is - a cut-and-paste answer to: "I have X dollars, what now?!"
Filing for bankruptcy?
Do I have a right to demand a letter asking a creditor to agree to remove account from credit report upon payment?
No income, lots of savings: how to make it last?
Balance of $2 damaging my credit. What to do?
What is credit repair? Tips on REAL credit repair that will get results!
Deployed soldier- should I max out traditional IRA while deployed?
WHY should I have a 401(k) and an IRA?
How much do you keep in your checking account?
Was going to start 2012 off completely debt free but had an accident and unknown medical bills await. What to do?
I've worked at various places this past years and at various places. What do I do about my W2 forms?
What should my financial priorities be?
I live paycheck to paycheck, and I'm tired of being broke. What tips do you have to save money while paying off debt?
What would you do?
Dear r/PersonalFinance, Have you ever applied for student loans for a 2nd undergraduate degree? What did you need to figure out or discover in order to make it work? There is a missing puzzle piece here and I must find it!
Saving for House vs. 401k or via 401k?
Do I have too much money in the bank right now, or not enough?
How can I consolidate my debt from various collectors if it's not a huge amount?
Options: bonus but no raise, raise but no bonus, or smaller bonus and smaller raise?
Does anyone have experience with major Credit Repair companies?
Best Android app for budgeting?  
Is there any way to reduce/consolidate the number of credit cards I have open without hurting my credit score?
Should I buy a house? Insecure about my situation, which is actually good, but I worry myself. 
Student loan repayment: Do I consolidate? Or... not? (...I don't know what I'm doing)
Should I keep going to grad school? Details inside.
22yo, graduating, getting married. First thing to learn?
Should I sell half of my stock holdings in a company I love (at a loss) before the end of this year?
Is a flat tax simpler or more fair than our current system? An animated answer. [vid]
Hey Reddit, are delivery drivers are actually making money?
Paying rent without mail?
I am 24, in debt over $50k and I can't afford to move out of my parents house. Is there any options for me?
thinking of buying a duplex so I can rent it out. Anyone have any experience with property management companies? advice?
$20k in student loans, should I pay it all off at once?
Savings account for 17 year old with a decent interest rate?
Taking 401K Loan to Pay off high interest auto loan. Good or bad idea?
Fidelity Investments IRA, Yea or Nay?
Any example budgets for high income people/families?
Can You Afford to Retire? [Documentary]
Priority: Student Loans or 6mth Emergency Fund?
Sell stock to pay off a credit card or car loan?
Can I Claim Head of Household?
Is getting two more credit cards a bad thing?
Is my tenant in financial trouble?
Can I sell my student loans to somebody else? (credit union?)
Adjustable rate mortgage or Fixed rate mortgage?
Pay off student loans while still in school?
Can I/Should I take out loans from school to travel after I graduate?
Just got a new job, recently credit card free. Loans next or invest? Lots of info inside, please help :)
Just got a new job, recently credit card free. Loans next or invest? Lots of info inside, please help :)
Taxes on bond interest setup by my parents under my name?
How do I manage food purchases for an apartment of four people? (not family members)
What can a credit repair service REALLY do for you? Find out.
I am 19 year old college student. What should I do with my money?
I'm 18 college student. How should i go about saving up money and paying off loans?
Student Loan Consolidation/deferment  (Workings and benefits?)
How is Out-of-State Income Taxes on a State Tax Return?
What is a good place to get a 10,000 private loan for a student?
What are the benefits to an HSA over an FSA, other than yearly rollovers?
How to allocate investment elections in my 401k?
Any advice for a one time internationnal transfer?
Facing about 100K in student loans, can anyone offer advice?
Lost Asset Recovery - legit or scam?
I just financed a mattress instead of paying in full. Did I screw up?
Good idea to roll a 401k into Roth IRA?
Have a few hundred euros - should I hold on to them, transfer them to USD or CAD?
Canadian in the US - Options for investing in Canada?
My student loan isn't showing in any credit report?
Can I get some people to critique my 5-year financial plan? I am 22. (x-post r/financialindependence; r/frugal)
Am I doing this math for a Certificate of Deposit correctly?
What do you think of Vanguard 500 Index Fund (VFINX)?
tips on changing over to a monthly paycheck from weekly?
Completely new to handling my own finances. Help!! Best credit card companies to transfer my balances to?
(UK) What should I do with this money I've suddenly got?
Best Way to Sell My [Recently Purchased] Car?
Home worth over 30% less AND have a 6.5% loan. Are we stuck here paying high rates forever?
Saving for a RTW trip of 1-2 years. Plan on leaving around 2013. Where to put the money?
What company offers low fee, very aggressive Roth IRA funds?
Roth IRA- When can i contribute?
City offers 0% down payment loan, which we barely qualify for, and may not qualify for in another year. Should we jump on it, or just chill out and let it go?
So you know about Tax Loss Harvesting ... but have you ever considered you might benefit from Tax GAIN Harvesting? [Good thing to think about at the end of a financial year]
Experience getting erroneous negative credit report info removed? 
If I buy my leased car and choose to finance it, does the financing company consider it a new car or a used car?
Selling Only Purchased Mutual Fund Shares:  How To?
What debt follows you around?  Can it transfer from person to person?
Normal period of time between payment of CC bill and having your available credit returned?
Consumer Debt: Being Debtfree - a Middle Class Mirage or Path to Complete Freedom?? Part Two
Buying a car...am I just completely fucked?
Here's how I plan to invest 50k. Thoughts? (CA)
I'm going to be living in France for one year (moving from the US).  What bank won't charge fees for depositing/withdrawing money to my checking account if I don't use their ATMs?
American Citizen living offshore most his life - what taxes need I pay?
Health insurance options for the self-employed?
Hypothetical: if I were to get a car loan with payments of $350/month, but later I find I can afford $400/month, will they let you pay it back faster to your advantage?
Where to find a private loan?
Match company's 401k then max out IRA then max out 401k? Why?
Several accounts in collections-does it matter which is paid off first?
Any downside to keeping multiple credit cards?
$96k in student loans that keep getting sold from company to company - how do I start finding consolidation I can trust?
Withdraw less than standard deduction from 401(k)=Tax Free?
How do I go around this?
Is consolidation the best choice for dealing with student loans?
Help with setting goals, please?
22 years old: should I open an IRA account now, even if I can't regularly add to it?
Help with setting goals, please?
Received $11,000 in Savings Bonds at Christmas. Which debts do I pay off first?
How should I go about asking for a discount on medical debt?
I have 45k in undergraduate student loans, I want to pursue a Masters, is this a good idea? (CA)
What do I pay down first?
Advice: Should I Pay Off Loans, or Invest, or What?
22 Year old looking to buy a condo in the 30-40k range. What should I have saved before I go for it? 
Would r/pf consider helping a first-year university student in a sticky financial mess? (Canada)
401k &amp; Roth IRA?
Is going back to school a good idea (with a degree)? How much debt is too much?
Need advice for young professional. What to do with all my money?
Reputable Organization for Student Loans?
Can I re-finance my student loans at a lower interest rate?
Consumer Debt: Being Debtfree - Renting vs. Owning( Mortgaging )?? Part Three
About to declare Bankruptcy. Any UK based Insolvency Practioners here ??
Best Undergrad Student Loan Repayment Methods or Facts That People May Not Know?
No debts, chunk of cash, no goals. Advice? Place to live?
How's my Monthly Budget?
What is the best way for me to save for my son's college?
Save for dream career or emergency fund?
does anyone have any insights on Betterment.com and if it's worth signing up for?
7 Tax Reasons not to get Married - Thoughts?
What rights do I have against a Medical Collection agency?
My father passed away in October. I inherited 50% of his house. Is there anything I need to know/do for taxes come April?
Somebody severely miscalculated estimated monthly escrow payments when I bought my house - now I find I have to pay more per month for 29 years. Any recourse?
How do I pick a financial professional?

How do I wisely use a home equity loan? 

Is mint still the best personal accounting software?  Is there a guide to using it well?
Your Financial Accomplishments for 2011?
How am I doing?  What next steps can I take to better utilize my money?
Best tool for tracking investment performance?
[Question] Which to pay first: 10% card (free up credit limit for emergency fund) or 23% closed card (higher interest)? Comparable balances.
First credit card tips?
How does the process of buying a stock online work?
Help?  I haven't ever been able to get my credit report.
student credit card help?
$7k in old company's 401k.  What should I do?
Is there any other credit card company besides AmEx that offers as much consumer protection?
Is it better to pay off debt today and have ~$50K invested, or pay off debt slowly and have ~100K invested? A non-hypothetical question.
Should You Refinance Your Mortgage? 
Should I close this Credit Card? (details inside)
Is it wise to pull money from my retirement to pay off my credit card?
Should I close this credit card?
Moved to 100% Commission Commercial RE Position - Next Step with my money?
I want to do my taxes for myself, where do I start?(Canadian resident, more info inside, thanks to all who help!)
Just created this infographic on credit scores, what do you think /r/personalfinance? 
Hey guys, serious question here... so... tontines?
College Student Credit Card Debt, how do you measure up?
Emergency Fund First Before All?
Hey guys, serious question here... so... tontines?
Consumer Debt: Being Debtfree &amp;amp;ndash; Student loans &amp;amp;ndash; means of better life or golden handcuffs?? ( Part four )
Can I request a credit line DEcrease?
Starting to save for house down-payment...where should it go? 
Sanity check, or do I need a reality check?
I'm 29 with no savings, about 3k in debt on a credit card.  How do I get back on my feet?
How much can I afford on a new car? or can I afford a new car? I'm lost.
Can Progressive Tax Group really solve my tax problems if I owe the IRS?
Have a seller financed house and it is not on my credit report. How do I get it on there/ does it matter?
lovemoney.com - anyone tried it?
Pay off student loan with balance transfer check?
How I should approach paying for dental work (~3K) given my financial situation?
22yo With a full-time job and living at home. Am I budgeting right?
Is Upromise.com credible?
Mint or GnuCash? What type of CC should I try to get for my first? Tax software?
I'm refinancing my mortgage to a lower rate.  Is there any tax reason why I should wait?  
Broke and can't get your handouts?  Better use the last of my money on something important...
I'm 19 and just learned that the money I'm making doesn't have to go towards my tuition, how should I start saving? x-post r/frugal
Where can I go for a reliable term life insurance company?
I've got savings and student loans, so should I pay the loans down or buy a house?
Just Married - Filling out our W-4, Married or Married, but withhold at higher Single rate?
Pay off Credit Card with Savings after losing my job?
Co-signing with my dad on a mortgage: needless debt and risk, or credit-boosting strategic move?
R/PersonalFinance what is your personal long term savings and investment goals?
Anyone with Amex Blue Cash Preferred want a $75  referall bonus?
What is a High-Deductible Health Plan?
(UK) eBay/PayPal Debt advice please?
Bank of America customer; Need pre-approved for a mortgage.  What bank should I go to for this?
What is your retirement goal? What is your magical money number, at what age will you retire, and what year in the future will that be? I'm trying to get a sense of the impact inflation has on my "numbers".
How to lower your credit rate with your credit card company?
Should I buy a home? When?
Just got my first credit card. How long will it take to establish "good" credit?
Is it smart to pay off student loans? (Other general advice welcomed)
Does anyone use Mint.com?
Applying for my first credit card (limited credit) -- which one should I go for?
Should I be claimed as a dependent or not?
Is "A Random Walk Down Wall Street" still worth reading?
What is the best CC for earning miles? 
Critique my budget?
Hi r/investing, I am a teacher in my early 30's, for the moment I have a decent pension, not sure if I am investing aggressive enough, any advice?
Any advice for a graduate student living very hand to mouth?
Can/should I transfer my mutual fund investments to an IRA?
Am I doing it right?
What is the best way to invest my savings as a young adult?
Financial Advisors=salesmen?
Does SallieMae accept debit (or credit) cards?
I think I am doing okay -- can someone critique me?
Starting out in the working world - budget critique and planning help?
Is mint.com safe to use? How are privacy and security issues avoided with the site?
Who should I invest my Roth IRA with?
As an American can I open a savings account in Canada? Their interest rates are double (or more) than here in the US.
Which checking/debt card company is best to go with (US)?
Fresh grad's budget. Don't know what else to do. Help please?
If this is my total estimated loans upon graduation, any advice on how I'll go about repaying it? If I get  $40k/year job
Is it possible to still contribute to an IRA for the 2011 tax year?
What's a sensible step? 
(x-post from r/askreddit) What was your starting wage/salary at your first job out of college? With hindsight, would you have negotiated or done anything differently?
Is Discover Bank a good choice for a high-yield savings account?
Just rediscovered an old friend. Anyone else use this too?
How would you pay off my debt?
When should I move out? (CA, Toronto)
Can I claim my father as a dependant?
Should I hire a personal finance consultant?
College Student with Some Cash. How should I invest for my future?
What would happen if I don't pay my newspaper subscription fees?
Is Quicken worth the money?
Am I totally screwed? Spreadsheet inside.
Will this hurt or help my credit score? I'm confused.
Whats the best college kid credit card to start building his credit?
When it comes to Vanguard, is it possible to have my and my wife's IRA on the same account? 
How do I move an IRA from one company to another?
While shopping for certified, pre-owned cars, I found a car from a local dealer with an asking price that's UNDER Edmunds.com's TMV suggested market value. How could this be? I'm trying to be cautious.
Young, broke educator. Where should I start?
Is this a horrible idea? (in terms of credit scores) Opening up a credit card for only 1 month?
If my mom claims me as dependant, will I get less back from taxes?
Why, oh why, do I get credit card applications for the EXACT card I already have?
Equal amount of RRSP and Debt.   Do I empty one to pay off the other ? (Canadian)
Debt collectors are calling about a student loat that was sold to a different company and which I have been paying in full for months. What should I do?
Did car loan applications hurt my credit?
Did anyone else have trouble with Sallie Mae's automatic debit recently?
How to get your first credit Card?
Use Vanguard money to pay off car?
Which credit union should I open a savings account in?
Advice on graduate school?
Father wants me to hold money for him... it's a trap?
Trying to get first credit card, however low-income issue. Suggestions?
Short Sale?
What are some good ways to invest money for a down payment?
Keep the mutual fund?
Should I use inheritance to pay off school Loans or invest instead?
Does Money Buy You Happiness?
Credit monitoring...  Ideas for which service to use?  I just need it for a month or so while I fight a few items.
Impatient? It May Be Hurting Your Credit Score
Can someone explain to me how 401k and IRA works?
I go to college in the fall. What are some financial preparations/goals I should have in place by then?
Filing Taxes: My First Time on My Own, Advice?
I accidentally let a credit card account close three years ago, is there a way for me to reopen it?
I want to be prepared. Does anyone have a good idea for an Excel spreadsheet to play with numbers (length of loan, APR, down payment), so that way I know in advance what I'll pay in interest for a car loan?
Does anyone else use those checks they send you with your credit card to rack up huge miles?
Student loan consolidation. What is a good company to use?
Do Multiple hard pulls close to each other count as one pull only?
Is there a big difference between the Visa and Mastercard version of the ink bold?
Am I being stupid considering student loans? (linguistics major, US with int'l aspirations, details in text)
Buffing your credit score with a personal loan from a bank. Good idea?
I've been told to get a handful of credit cards and keep the balances very low (not zero) if I want to maximize my credit score quickly. Is that true?
I'm a current college senior, both parents passed recently, estate divided between my sister and me. Sister wants us to keep the house. What do I do?
Total Credit Accounts # is high, which is affecting my credit score. 10/12 accounts are closed - is there any way I can improve this?
Got my first salary job at 45K in SF. How many exemptions should I take to maximize pay?
Balance transfer. What should I do?
Meeting with a Charles Schwab investment advisor tomorrow, should I know anything before going in?
Does anyone else not care about their credit score?
Anyone out there a member of Consumers Credit Union? I'm looking for a member referral to get us both $50!
What college degree should I invest in?
how do store cards affect your credit?
Stupidly opened a store credit card, what happens if I cancel it?
When it comes to 401(k) ... Roth or traditional?
About 90k in student loans. Am I doing the right thing?
What should I do with a condo that's empty for 70% of the year? 
First job, just graduated in December. Help me figure out my benefits (retirement program, health plan) and student loans?
Can I get a zero-down mortage?
Car loan to build credit?
401(k) contributions: hit annual limit as fast as possible or spread it out?
How does credit work when/once you're married?
Company i used to work for deposited 2000 in my account by accident. What now?
Best financial move for car approaching 200k miles?
"fine print" - job benefits change at age 65. Ageism?
I have a excellent credit score...should I buy a home now with less money down (FHA loan) and a great interest rate, or save up to a 20% down payment and risk interest rates and prices rising?
Mortgage pre-qualification: better to have cash in account or less debt?
Can increasing my 401k contribution "cancel out" the tax burden of adding a non-spouse partner to my benefits?  Explanation/Details within...
Suggestions for a Second Credit Card?
Is it possible to pay off a credit card with a credit card to maximize rewards?
Keep my current job or take the new one? (Details inside, obviously.)
If I purchase an item with a credit card and get rewards points for it and then subsequently return the item, do I still get to keep the points?
Finances are fine, have money saved up, what now?
My parents are idiots with money and I never recieved advice on basic things like taxes.  This is the first year I have to do them.  What are they and how do I do it right?
Alternative retirement plan - Buy a house with at least 75%+ down payment and have minimal expenses for a long long time?
Can 529 education savings plan funds be used toward federal student loans?
Best way to utilize annual credit report and tax refund?
Found in my credit report two bills of about $300 each that I never paid dating from 2009. Someone told me that even if I pay them now my score won't improve and these will remain on my report for 7 years. Is that correct? 
So things on your credit report drop off after 7 years. What happens if it was passed from collection agency to collection agency?
How can I save money on my taxes?
How do I find an accountant?
How do I remove negative reports to my credit score?
Itemizing deductions for 1099 in addition to Standard with W2?
When do your personal finances become too complicated to do your own taxes?
I live in Los Angeles and work in film. What's the best credit union for me?
How to use credit cards to improve an already good credit score? 
When are employers obligated to get you your w2 form?
Indexed Universal Life (IUL) Insurance sounds too good to be true.  What's the catch?  I need some Reddit scrutiny.
How many savings accounts should/could I have?
Tax season is coming up, any good tips/reminders to get the best return?
I have used taxact for years, Is Turbotax better? 
Does Pay-for-Delete remove all history of a debit on a credit report?
Tax Software for Canadians?
How do I do my taxes for Freelance work?
Tax advice for first time home buyers?
Recommended student loan calculator(s)..?
Tips or advice when applying for a personal bank loan?
How much will this hurt me?
Is it better to pay off your mortgage early, or invest that extra money?
Comcast charging me $1000 for "unreturned equipment" I actually returned. No way to dispute. Worth paying to save my credit?
Student Loan Advice - Is there help available for me? 
How can I repair my credit score from outside the US (KE)?
Had a late payment back in 2008. Checked CreditKarma for first time since Oct, it's gone now. What gives?
Do I get an Illinois state tax refund if I have only lived here for 6 months?  [repost from /r/economics]
Are US EE "Patriot" Savings Bonds A Good Investment?
I'm 20 and in college with a part time job, what should I do about a car?
Should I get a rewards credit card? [flowchart]
You are guaranteed a yearly income of $30K and your housing is already secured. How would you invest your money?
Anyone a CFP here?  Need some advise.
Just checked my credit report-- NCO "adverse account"??
Should I apply for another credit card?
Subreddit or forum for credit card cash back? 
I work in Missouri but am a resident of Illinois. Do I need to fill out tax returns for both states?
If I tell a company I want to switch my payment method to another card, do they have the authority to  go back to my first card?
New-Grad. New-Hire. What should I do with my money?
Married filing joint return or separate?
Applied for two credit cards, got denied because not enough information on credit history. Help?
Why are California's new 529 Aged Based options in negative territory?
Received some disability benefits in 2011 (California). Will I receive a W2 from the disability office?
If my 401k's expense ratio is lower than my IRA's expense ratio... is there any reason to contribute to my IRA?
Do any major US banks offer EMV cards? Credit and debit if possible
2 loans, which should I payoff first?
Should I move my securities from Etrade to Fidelity? If so, how?
Canada offering 10 year fixed term mortgages at 3.99%, should I lock in? 
Credit score is lower because I don't have any "major" credit cards?
Why is everyone long?
Financial Forms LOST in the Mail. How problematic is this, and what should I do?
r/PersonalFinance, what are some good personal finance books (that aren't outdated)?
THE HARD TRUTH ABOUT INCOME TAXES -Will Income Taxes Change? (video)
We've always used "DIY" online tax services to file in the past. Last year we became homeowners. Would it be beneficial to have a real tax advisor help us?
Any tips or advice for improving my personal finance? Thanks.
Additional mortgage payments.  Good idea?
Opening a credit card. Currently with Wells-
Fargo, should I switch?
What to do with my condo: short sale vs. property-managed rental?
Which company is the best to set up my IRA with?
Having trouble utilizing Mint because of account security...alternatives?
Is someone else using my SSN? When a bank checks my Soc Sec #, it is associated with a different person's name.
A car - loan, finance or overdraft? [UK]
Was telling Citi how i felt worth it?
If person with good credit, adds an additional user (w/ bad credit)/ to their credit card???
Foreclosure VS Bankruptcy; which is worse? 
I think that my grandfather is getting sucked into a pyramid scheme, does anyone know anything about Lyoness?
Noticed a charge on my bank statement that directs back to creditreport.com  What is the best way to handle this?
How does one file mileage for miles driven and what documentation is needed?
Employer won't contribute to 403b till I turn 26. Is this legal? Ageism?
How do you use receipts?
[TOMT] Link or self post about saving income into 4 categories (cash, emergency, expenses, investments) or something like that...?
upgrade a current credit card account or open a new line?
Trying to help out my mom with her finances... Any advice?
I guess student loans are good for something? right?... right?!? 
Health Care Finances Without the Agony?
Work doesn't do 401K match, best place to put retirement savings?
Take Cash From 403b To Pay Dental Bills?
All three of my credit cards have annual fees. What should I do?
Not sure if this is the right place. But can someone explain this tax situation to me?
Looking for new place to rent. What can I expect with my current financial situation?
For those with an Ink Bold card; do you earn the office supply bonus for purchases made from staples.com?
Canadian RRSP question. Is there a perfect contribution amount?
just graduated college and I have some extra savings, pay off loans or invest or something else?
Recommendations for emergency fund account?
Hey PF, I'm getting collections robocalls at work. The problem is I'm not the person they're looking for. What should I do?
Could someone walk me through the pro's and cons of ETF's vs. mutual funds?
Continue saving small amount while paying off CC? (CA)
Past Performance Not an Indication of Future Performance?
Graduate student (US): Where do I go to invest?
Advice for small nest egg? Where should I invest it?
One of the credit agencies misspelled my name. What to do?
Drowning in student loan debt. What to do?

College Student Investing in Junk Bond Fund?
(US) Tax question: What education credits/deductions to take?
Closing 401ks when moving abroad... really a bad idea?
Having two IRA accounts?
Partially Secured Credit Card to Build Credit History?
Partially Secured Credit Card to Build Credit History?
When you're figuring the growth of your investments, do you include the additional money you've put in?   It looks like my investments value grew 11% in the last year, but a lot of that is additional contributions.
Buying a house, bad idea?
Can I claim Head of Household?
AskPF: Travelling overseas.  Is getting a travel-oriented credit card worth it?
What is the best bank for a student account?
Should I invest 4k/month in 401k to reach my 2012 limit ($17k) in 3-4 months?
Should I borrow against my 401k to avoid PMI?
i can haz delete student loans? :D
Filed 2011-2012 FAFSA as a dependent from 2010 returns. Turns out I was an independent for 2011. Anything I can do?
Who Uses Your Credit Score And Why?
Potentially much higher taxes this here-- how to avoid taxes?
Bad idea?
(X-post) Remember a couple months ago when people were leaving their major banks for local credit unions, and the banks all said they were abandoning the fees because they were so unpopular? Looks like it was a predictable PR smokescreen.
No, seriously, what *would* you do with a million dollars?
How much is your tax return and what are you using it towards?
[Question] Using credit cards to pay off other credit cards for the bonus points?
why is it OK to keep money in interest-bearing accounts that don't beat inflation?
Has anyone actually been contacted about getting a Special Direct Loan Consolidation? 
Why isn't "Mortgage" considered "Debt" 'round these parts?
To buy or not to buy? (USA) - House
College guy, need *small* car loan or to finance, no job.  Possible?
How to recover from a 90-day late payment?
Quit or not to quit?  Details inside...
HELOC is preventing me from refinancing under HARP 2.0. What do I do?
Just graduated &amp; new job - help with W4 and Withholding Allowance Certificate?
Where to open Roth IRA?
Tax Help: Short Sale - To File Jointly? To Negotiate?
Is it normal to spend $800 a month on groceries and dining out? 
Who else does or considers this? Roth IRA with a broker like Scottrade to flip stocks tax-free.
What does Financial Illiteracy and Doctor hand washing have in common?
Hey guys quick question. will an account that is sent to collections get reported on your credit? Information in post
What are my best options for a private student loan?
What does r/personalfinance recommend for filing taxes?
Best way to approach error on credit report?
Where to allocate income?
How Can I get BoA to Stop spamming me?
How bad is this option? (CDN) 
becoming a landlord?
How to check my credit report after the first free ones and get my score fixed!?
If I worked as an Independent Contractor, how do I file my taxes?
When do I get another free credit report? New calendar year, or 365 days?
Chase Balance Liquidation Program - Any success/horror stories?
Which debts to pay off with tax refund?
Credit Report help. What do I do?
Getting married this fall, I have significantly more assets than my soon-to-be wife. Do I need a prenup?
$185,000 OR $400 a week?? Workers Comp dilemma.
Refinance closing costs?
Viable 2nd jobs to increase income?
Get a credit card to start building credit?
About to spend 15k on equipment. Should I take out a loan to reap the credit impact it'd have?
I'm lost. Is a refinance a good idea for me or not?
Traveling cross-country in 2 weeks for a new job. Almost broke; Need a loan to get me there and start me up. Best advice?
Reddit, PNC charged me an excessive $208 in overdraft fees. What can I do?
Renting an apartment starting next semester. What should I plan to budget for?
Is my stepmom trying to exploit me?
Is my stepmom trying to exploit me?
How am I doing? Looking for any suggestions/input.
How rich do you feel? Is the wrong question.
Should I piggyback on my parent's credit card?
Cash back mortgage refinance to pay off student loans?
Is there any compelling reason to rollover my 401(k) to an IRA?
Does already having one Visa or Mastercard affect my ability to get a second Visa or Mastercard?
Employer limiting 401k contribution?
I think bad credit is about to make me homeless.  What can I do?
Pay off someone's pawn shop loan. What could go wrong?
Should I invest, keep money in the bank, or shovel it towards student loans?
moving to the US for the first time. Will be earning $40000 and living in Philly. How much should I spend on rent?
Bank of America and Mint.com, they don't seem to like each other?
Does any one know about the USDA Rural development home loans?
Perspectives on Mortgage Tax Deduction?
Credit card spending amount &amp; credit score?
What's a good 3-4 year investment vehicle for someone making ~70k a year?
First time condo owner, made 16K more than last year and looking to receive less of a tax return this year. Am I doing this wrong?
How about we start a thread where a bank manager honestly answers your questions about bank accounts, loans, etc.?
Just found out about credit card debt I didn't know I had. What should I do to clear this and get back to good credit?
Best Way Stop Impulse Buying? 
Can I be claimed as a dependent without disclosing my income to my parents?  I do not want them to have that information.
Advice?
I won a rather valuable item through a sales contest at work, what kind of tax obligation am I looking at?
Pay off car or keep it in savings?
Just got your business degree?
FICO score is 756, what should I do with my credit cards to keep it that way or improve it?
Looks like working overtime bumped up my tax bracket, causing me to owe the IRS $224. How can I prevent this?
How many days in advance can I pay off my credit card while still positively affecting my credit score?
Documentaries on personal finance/creating wealth?
Best credit card option for someone with bad credit?
any downfalls of paying off your mortgage early?
Grandma considering investing or putting large sum of money into insurance policy, good idea?
Put my plans off for a bit? Or charge ahead?
Jumbo loans - Who's gotten one lately? Tell me about it.  [xpost from r/RealEstate]
By the time I'm 22, I will have around $200,000 from a settlement.  What is the best way to invest/save?
Cash savings or no debt? 
Banking error or mystery benefactor?
What should I do with my old 401k?
Borrow from whole life cash value to repay second mortgage?
Girlfriend opened a credit card and gave it to her mom. How do I convince her that although she is family this is still not wise?
Close with cash at hand or 401k loan?
X-POST FROM R/REALESTATE Planning on getting married, moving to a different city, finding jobs, and buying a house, all in the second half of this year. Am I crazy?
Can credit card companies do anything to me if I don't pay?
First-Time Tax Filer: What Do I Need to Know?
Can credit card companies do anything to me if I don't pay? 
First time doing taxes: What do I need to know?
Any tips to help me cut down on meal costs?
Where and how do you save money after maxing out tax advantaged accounts, assuming you also have no debt and an adequate emergency fund?
What would you do in your shoes? (car payoff vs. savings)
What would you do if you were in my shoes? (truck payoff vs. cash savings)
Got a letter from Capitol One saying someone tried to get a credit card using my info. What to do now?
Any other way to consolidate federal student loans?
PERA Account question: Is 20% for Federal taxes an accurate amount to be taken out when cashing out the account?
Can my parents claim me as a dependent in filing taxes?
Help! Best way to go?... Debt repayment vs savings...
Best way to sell baseball cards or sport cards?
Hello, I recently quit Starbucks, and they gave me 150 shares of stock. What should I do with it?
Mint.com users. When you go to Walmart and buy something like bread, batteries, and toothpaste how do you categorize it?
Roth IRA from Betterment?
The Perfect bank account (UK) does it exist?
Do you prefer to get a large tax refund or spread it out throughout the year?
Let's say I take out a bank loan and pay that off promptly. Assuming good credit, good standing and a modest down payment, would that help me when trying to get a home loan?
Personal finance forums for higher net worth individuals?
Which do you prefer: large tax refunds or getting your money during the year?
Paying off my credit card: Cancel or not?
This has probably been discussed here before, but what are the best rewards credit cards with no monthly/annual fee?
With online account histories, how important is it to balance my checkbook/checking account?
Why is it better to max out my IRA instead of using the same amount on mutual funds (or some other investment)?
Pay off student loan earlier or contribute more to IRA?
Should I reopen a closed credit card account after paying it off in full?
My health insurance includes an HSA which I haven't set up yet but I have a medical bill coming due. Can I set it up now and start paying into it for this bill?
My awesome mom passed away recently and left me $100,000. I don't want to waste it! Any advice?
Should I start an IRA to Save Money on Taxes when I plan on USing the Money to buy a house in the next 2-4 years?
My dad's advice in regards to credit cards: Don't get one. Is this solid advice?
What's the best mid-term savings/investment option?
Interest rates being equal, I should pay my unsibsidized student loans first, right?
Credit card rewards and signup bonuses: How often can I apply for new cards?
what to do with my savings?
Should I put more into retirement, buy a rental house, or just keep investing?
Did you buy a Lexus for your spouse this Christmas?   
(Don't you love their ads?)
Best deal on a short term loan (3 months) for $5,000?
Can I file my federal income tax return and still have my parents claim me as a dependent?
If you were to start investing in your Roth IRA, what would you do now?
Quit job, only ~$1900 in the 401k, would like to disburse it all to myself, pay the penalty and taxes, and use it to pay down a high interest rate student loan, any catch?
15k to invest, put it in an index fund?
Advice for a busy guy: should I stick with 0.65% APY savings account for $45K? 
How quickly do credit card companies submit info to the credit bureau?  What's the best way to apply for multiple cards? (CA)
Is paying off a credit card slowly actually building you credit, or does it depend on the amount? 
I saw a financial planner and don't trust him... where is a good place I can have a  self managed Roth IRA?
What are the drawbacks to the Special Direct Consolidation Loans program?
Paying Credit Cards - Anything wrong with paying twice a month?
When will my new CC balance be reported?
My first credit card: Should I get a college CC or mileage CC?
Anyone have personal experience with real estate tax lien sales?
Jared Credit Card information?
Asking for an increase in credit limit?
What would you do with my money?
Reasons that a Credit Card won't be approved?
Mom put teen-me on an account and then stopped paying; what do I do?
I paid tuition years after graduating. Can I write off?
Just curious, how many people learned about personal finance from their parents?
Did I fuck up my tax return?
Massive college loans as last resort?
How do you feel about mint.com?
In debt up to my ears but making a good wage.  Bonus incoming, what should I do with it?
Personal finance software?
I'm knee deep in debt. What loans should I pay off first?
Asking reddit, how would you handle my finances?
Investing as a student, bluechip or high risk new players buoyed by the carbon tax?( carbon sequestration companies)
Does the loan amount matter when your making payments to improve credit score?
What to do with savings bonds? 
What are some "default" stock market traded bonds/funds that I should park cash in temporarily when I want to "go cash"? Leaving it in the brokerage account earns no interest. 
Liquidate securities or take out Student Loans?
Debt collectors are threatening to garnish my 
wages if I don't call them in a few hours. Should I 
give in to this high-pressure tactic?
Repair or replace my car?  What say Reddit?
How does one increase their credit score &gt; 800?
I have 4 credit cards (soon to be 5) and I was wondering if it is bad to not use them?
What can I do with small amounts of cash long or short term? 
How should I handle this debt situation?
How can I get late payments off my credit report?
My debit card was compromised last night. What other steps should I take?
Whats the "right" thing to do with gold?
Should I declare bankruptcy? 
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Just received notice that my social security number has potentially been compromised, any advice?
Does anyone else have trouble seeing the point of home ownership?
Pay my cards in full each month, no loan history: should I take out a personal loan and pay it right off?
Where to go with my finances from here? [UK]
Building an dividend portfolio. Looking to generate extra income. Thougths?
Moving to an online bank, ING or Ally?
New card, same company?
Good HSA providers?
Where should I place my cash I'm saving for a house downpayment?
Feeling massively overwhelmed by debt, please help?
Negotiating credit card annual fees?
Collectors haven't responded to debt validation request - what should I do now?
Is it a good idea to work for 1 year to save up for college? (BR)
I would do (almost) ANYTHING to get rid of my student loan debt.  What would you do?
selling mutual fund shares to start a traditional IRA for the 2011 deduction?
Best gas rewards card?
What is absolutely everything I'll be spending money on when I am supporting myself?
Help! I need to know which major bank is the least douchey?!
Did I really make ~15% on my IRA?
Where is the best place to put my "rainy day" money?
What is the best way for me to take care of these student loans?
How much do you need to retire in the U.S.?
Filing taxes - Not sure if I can file as a full-time student, help?
Will be buying a new house soon, from where should I get my down payment?
Credit Line Increase?
New job and looking for my first credit card. What should I get?
Why do people say "Don't sell your stocks unless you are in need of money"? 
Paypal vs. ACH for paycheck?
I've saved up quite a bit, how should I invest it?
Can I consolidate my Sallie Mae private loan with Loan Direct/Department of Education?
My Vantage Score has increased by 13 points since last year. Is this good? It seems very small.
is it worth contributing to an ira for a bigger refund?
How to have tenant to pay rent electronically?
Did I mess up? Credit cards cash advance question.
Have about $80,000 I plan on keeping invested indefinitely. How should I diversify?
Is there a glossary for all the acronymns used in this subreddit?  
How high should my credit card's limit be?
Looking to open an IRA account. What do I need to know?
Going on tour as a 10-99 contractor. How do I take advantage of tax benefits?
About to graduate college, what should I look to do as far as housing?
Should You Be A Home Owner?
Credit cards defaulted my APR and won't lower it - WTF?
Roth IRA - monthly contribution or lump sum?
Family offered a personal loan to pay off my current mortgage. What are the advantages and disadvantages?
Which credit card should I get?
I've been reviewing my auto loan and the numbers are just not adding up. Am I missing something?
I’m Looking for a Credit Card for People with No Credit – Is There Any Hope?
Should I open a Vanguard brokerage account?
How soon can I roll a 401k over to a IRA?
Possibly stupid question, but would I inherit my father's tax debt?
Unauthorized charges, what to do?
Mortage: 40 year?  30 year?  15 year?  How to choose?
18 years old with some questions. Help?
Student debt consolidation?
Just started using Mint.com... Depressing as it is, what should I set as my goal for the next year?
Anyone successfully re-built credit? Please tell me specifics...
Does canceling credit cards negatively effect your credit score?
Moving back home to save?
How do I really consolidate my student loans? (xpost from AskReddit)
In what circumstances is someone audited for a student loan?
Rollover 401k or withdraw the money to pay off credit cards?
I will be transferring to a university, away from home, in about a year. How should I start saving money?
Does anything happen if you get denied a credit card when you have no credit history/score? (CA)
Is it possible to convert my 2011 Roth IRA contributions to a Traditional IRA?
DAE have their budgets set up to rollover from month to month?
Got a New Car, Got Screwed, Now Dont Know What To Do??
Starting a s-corp or llc for write offs?
Student loans?
Options for removing negative accounts from CR?
Investing in Education: Is it Worthwhile? [Charts/Comparisons]
In Need of Fast Cash? Get a Fast Loan With Loans.net

(UK) What personal details and ID do I need to close my Halifax child's account (Save-4-it) so I can move to a (Lloyds) Teen account?
I am starting a non-profit organization to help provide financial literacy programs for underprivileged teens, adults, and families.  What should I call it? 
Who can I see about complicated IRA things?
Why is a RMD a bad thing for a traditional IRA?
Use Roth IRA to pay credit card debt?  Advice please
What is the best "How Much Can I Spend on Buying a House" calculator you know?
Cash out a small Roth IRA?
Dental Bills: I have no insurance; how should I pay them?  Should I apply for CareCredit?  Which payment plan?  Or should I dip into my savings?
My mom wants me to buy her house.  Is this ever a good idea?
American Express High-Yield Savings Account - Recommend for 1st Savings Account (6 Month Emergency Account)?
Valentine’s Day: Will You Spend More – or Less – Than the Average American?
$40,000ish in student loan debt, 9 loans total, 5 are federal, help me figure this out?
roll old 401(k) into Fidelity IRA, get Amex investment rewards. No brainer?
Emergency funds used for Roth IRA?
Are You Eligible for Mortgage Settlement? Details to Come

Let a credit  card slip into collections...effecting my parents credit??? Help please
Maintaining a Number of Credit Cards Guarantees Good Credit Scores – Myth or Fact?
First credit card - what to do?
Use an loan secured against a car to pay off student loans?
Careers in personal finance?
How often should I trade in my Roth IRA?
Can anyone help me understand AES student loan repayment interest?
I open a Roth IRA at age 24 and contributed $5,000. Now what do I do with it?
People only spend an average of $151.53 on jewelry for Valentine's Day??
Credit card?
What are my options for investing my savings?
What is the least costly USAA product/service my father can purchase in order to qualify me for full membership?
Tried to check credit score. Multiple choice ID verification questions gave answers to items that have nothing to do with me or my history. Am I crazy to suspect ID theft?
Honestly, how can I complain about taxes?  My effective rate was 13% with the standard deduction (1) and $600 in student loan interest paid.  Who are these people actually paying 30-40%+ ??
Could You Be An Emotional Shopper?
What to do if suspected security breach?
Ideas for saving for a down payment on a house?
Anyone know anything about tax-free gifting?
Am I just gambling with my money?
Refinancing.  Does it make sense?
Is getting a student loan worth it if the career field is lucrative?
I would like to know more about Mutual Funds; any suggestions as to where to get more information?
I am 50k in debt and just got 7k. Is there a way to grow this and pay off everything?
Roth IRA vs Savings acct?
Filled up Roth IRA... No 401(k)... What next?!
Is investing my money at 21 smart?
Bonds?
My credit card's website makes it a pain in the butt to set up automatic payments, and I'm considering switching to a different company because of this. Does your card's site make it easier?
Horrible Credit Score - What to do?
Should I use my student loan to pay off credit card?
When should I make Roth IRA contributions?
Mohela (Student Loan Administrator) took my $10k and never posted it to my loan. It's been 3 months. What can I do?
My small business is buying a car on finance the bank wants personal guarantees on the loan, does co-signing a loan improve your credit score? [x-post from r/frugal]
Capital Gain? If so what are other options?
Should I dip into savings so that I can continue to contribute to my Roth IRA?
How to minimize taxes on inherited retirement account?
Where is the best place to buy or to to get information about health/dentist insurance? (xpost from /r/vancouver)
So Should I Get A Credit Card?
I got this credit card offer in the mail today.  How is this shit legal?
One partner has lots of debt, the other has none.  Advice?
What's the best card for earning flier miles?
Used Car Loan. 4.5k.  Anything bad about paying it off TOO soon??  Thanks for Insight.
What Types of Financial Aid Must Be Paid?
Are asset managers restricted by regulation or policy in how they can invest Roth IRA contributions?
How to modify my mortgage without giving up my emergency fund?
Fixed vs Variable Student loan payments?
Consolidating/Merging Roth IRA Accounts?
What is the best rewards/cash back credit card?
Why do some credit card processors charge the account before it is technically "authorized"?
Your most lucrative side/weekend jobs?
I'm a 20-something-year-old with $500,000 in liquid cash. What do I invest in, and how do I leverage and maximize gains? 
Why do I get drastically different refinance offers from different lenders?
Any possibility to get out of repaying the 2009 first time homebuyers credit?
Mint says opening an IRA could get up to a $1,500 refund. Is that traditional or roth or either?
Dude, Where's My Interest? Make Sure to Double check Your Ally Bank 1099
Is there a major downside to getting a credit card, taking advantage of the rewards, and then canceling before an annual fee kicks in?
Came into some money, should I buy a house/condo outright?
What would you have told your 18 year old self about personal finance?
I had a credit card for over a year and payed on time.  I still don't have  a FICO score is this normal?
Did I make a mistake?
Credit Card Debt - Should I default on Last Card to get Settlement? 
Anyone use Lemon? It's apparently similar to mint but different in that it tracks spending habits via receipt scanning. Looking for opinions.
Can you pay off just one of multiple citibank student loans?
Want to buy a house with awkward credit situation: how to maximize my chances?
How should I factor in a pension to my retirement plans?
I think i might be in a lot of trouble. Probably gonna lawyer up monday. what do yall think?
Net worth?
Chase stopped sending bills, took me to collections, lied about payments. What should I do?
House underwater - whats the best thing to do?
Start paying student loans now or wait for the 6 months?
Should I have gotten some statement from my 401k accounts for tax purposes? 
Student loans or Condo Downpayment?
I paid off my student loans. What now?(CA)
Traditional or Roth IRA?
What are you planning to do with all of this savings? (slash, why do you save?)
Transfer credit card balance?
Careers? What's out there?
Making 2011 Roth IRA Contributions?
charles schwab roth ira?
My student loan co-signer died with no money or estate. Bank wants me to pay a reduced fee to settle the debt. Am I responsible for paying?
Getting Married in 3 Months. I am almost debt-free, she is not. What to know?
First time filing taxes on my own, and I don't know what to do with the dividends/interest from my Trust Account. Help? [x-post from r/taxes]
Collections Notice - Am I screwed?
Long-distance relationship. Should I get a mileage credit card? Which one?
I am filling out an apartment rental application and it asks for my "Credit Grantor".  What is that?  
How can I achieve my savings goal faster? ($120,000)
Best credit card option in this situation?
Considering using a Fee Only adviser. Anyone have suggestions or can recommend one in Orlando?
I want to switch my savings from my standard Chase savings account to one with a higher interest rate. Any suggestions?
How soon should I start a Roth IRA?
What are the limits of your car insurance coverage, and how did you decide how much coverage to get?
Emergency fund?
How Much Can You Save by NOT Owning a Car?

How much did Turbo Tax charge you?
Mint.com question. When I change the description of an item, will all future entries get the same change?
Buying a used car .. am I doing this right or am I crazy? 
Will my parents tank my credit?
Want better Car Insurance Rates? You Have to Make the Call 
College and no job ATM: How do I invest?
How much net worth do you need to retire?
Do eligible tuition fees transfer over to the next year automatically? (Canada)
What is stopping me from running up 50k on my credit card and then working with a debt negotiator to reduce what I owe?
Life Insurance needed for married 25 year-olds with no kids?
How much money should you have at 30, 40, 50?
My GF recently inherited 15k€, how do I talk her out of spending it on a new car?
Just got this email: "ING DIRECT Joins the Capital One Team..."  - No personal experience with Capital One, anyone want to provide some insight?

I'm a college grad with a decent job ($44K CAD) and good credit but I can't get a debt consolidation loan for $8,000.  Why?
Should a lack of health insurance affect car insurance rates?
Tricks on paying off a mortgage quicker - How well do these approaches work?
Short question: How should I label my state/federal tax refunds in Mint?
PF -- CreditKarma says a utilization of 0% on a credit card yields a lower score than a small or moderate (0-40%) utilization. This doesn't make sense to me, can someone explain?
Are any of the posters here professional financial advisers or accountants? If so, why do you give advice on Reddit for free?
Should I pay someone to file my taxes or do it myself with software?
Is it worth it to ever make extra payments towards student loans that are low interest?
I want to buy a home and keep my condo as a rental property. How does that affect my being approved for the mortgage on the second home?
Have a crappy credit card - close it, get a replacement now, or get a replacement later?
21 years old.  Mom opened a credit card in my name.  It's hurting my credit score.  What do I do?
What would a good strategy be for this kind of investment situation (re: paying student loans &amp; low-risk ETFs and/or bonds)?
Should I increase or match what my employer covers in my 401k? Also, Roth IRA..
Im planning to move my money to a credit union. Should I close my accounts with BofA or leave some money in it?
Financially Sound Engagement Ring?
Dumb 20 year old, $11.5k in debt, no money to make minimum payments. What do I do? (CA)
Where to keep my emergency fund?
Hi folks, sorry for the n00b question, but I have a 401k with a former employer that I would like to roll over to an IRA so I can trades stocks with the funds.  Who has the best rollover and IRA package in general at the moment?  Thanks!
Leaving my job, what to do with John Hancock 401k?
Graduating College in May - What Now?
r/personalfinance, I humbly ask for your advice again. What do you know about consolidating private student loans? Full details inside...
30 y/o grad student.  Not a lot of savings. Help /r/personalfinance what I can I do better?
Cash in 401(k) to pay off student loan?
Dedicate one credit card for paying bills only?
Is it true you're only supposed to use 40% of your credit card's limit?
Is buying a home a good choice?
Saving for Grad School, Contribute to 401k/mutual funds?
Buying a new car: Pay it off or get a loan?
$0 debt. Should I take out student loans?
Credit card is paid off! Now, how to build credit?
Among my fund options in my 401K are funds which are supposedly targeted for when you want to retire, ie "Target Date - 2030".  Can the fund managers really create a plan to maximize returns by a given year?  

I've gotten a raise at work. Should I put the extra money each month (about $250) towards student loans or savings?
Reddit, what advice do you have for me?
Living with roommates. Does having bills in my name help my credit?
Build up emergency fund or pay off loans faster?
Is taking out student loans for grad school a bad move given what my future salary prospects would be?
Best way to organize tax/receipt/paperwork?
What to do with my car loan?
I'm looking for more fulfilling employment and as such am going to take a pay cut, what do I do about my student loans?
I'm 26, with a well-paying job and $80k in student debt.  Should I move to a 30-year repayment and save more or stay on the 10-year plan?
How are dividends calculated? Why did TWCGX give such a large dividend in 2011 compared to other years?
I collected unemployment for about 3 months in 2011, but I haven't received any paperwork for use in processing my tax returns. What should I do?
Just payed of my CC - now what?
22 years old, no credit, no debt, small savings, and in need of a car. Help me?
Are long-term capital gains taxed progressively?
Parents just won $70,000 what bank to sign up to to put into savings?
Is it worth it to use my 457(b) plan if I'm leaving my job in 1.5 years? I'm 22.
How should I use my money to make more money?
Is there a Credit card that offers both FF miles, and cash back rewards?
Moving Across the Country-Advantage to joining local bank?
New Roth IRA: Contribute to 2011 or 2012?
If I sell items on eBay do I have to report the income on my tax return?
19y/o student with part time job. Need's extra cash flow to save up for a summer trip. Advice? (Ireland)
Having trouble deciding long-term goals...what to do?
Can I have an LLC that owns other LLCs?
(CAN) Does anyone have good resources for savings plan in Canada?
We will have a kid this year, is it bad to adjust w-4 before the birth?
Pay off HELOC or Use as Down Payment for New House?
Will spending more than 30% of my available credit limit really hurt my credit score?
[updated] high student loan payoff strategy?
Possible Identiy theft/fraud? Help!
21 year old university student with no debt, and nearly zero savings. How should I save money? (CA)
A question about credit card statements and when to pay?
Should I keep my I-series Savings Bonds or cash them in and invest in the market/pay down the mortgage?
Does this tax refund amount seem normal? Please help!
I'm looking for a new credit card with good rewards, preferably airline miles.  What credit cards offer the best rewards?
Bond Funds in Roth IRA?
When is the Right Time to go Bankrupt?
/r/pf, What's your take on my Father's bankruptcy situation?
Can I get a loan with just a job offer?
Got my vestment, I can pick AUL or TIAA-CREF. Who would you go with?
Tired of just talking, time to take action. Final advice and/or comments?
I need to pay back two student loans. Should I completely pay one off with the other?
401k rollover?
A friend of mine wants to buy USD futures but he lives in NZ. How can he do it?
Anticipating the future of savings and investments?
Mother is expecting $750,000 windfall.  Reddit, who can we go to for help?
What's your credit card debt really costing you? An interactive infographic that let's you visualize it.
Wisdom for a 20 year old on his first salary?
Will someone tell me why I should be using my 401k? I'm not seeing it. (/r/frugal x-post)
Hi r/personalfinance.  I can't get independent just yet due to financial issues surrounding money for college and living with my folks, but as soon as I finish undergrad I'm moving out.  What are the best things I can do besides simply saving money to set myself up well financially?
Should I hire an accountant for my taxes? (CA)
Why does it have to be a long road to retirement?  Why can't it be a short road
Credit Report took a hit... but it wasn't my account?
Dear Reddit, I just got off the phone with a BoA CSR and they have told me all credit limit increases are hard hits to my credit. Is this true?
Which Allocation? X-Post from r/investing
Life insurance payout, what to do?
Paying off loans: when does paying more than the monthly due not go toward principal? (US)
Paying off home loan early. How much could I expect to be taxed on the rent I would be earning? (US/UK)
I need to make $700 in 2 months?
Question about Whole Life Policy - Savings/Insurance - Does it pass the smell test? [xpost from r/Insurance]
First time post to PF. Trying to pay off debts, advice?
Any reason or incentive to keep my old ESPP Smith Barney account open?  IE: Could it potentially give me access to IPO's or anything like that if I keep the account open?
Should You Bank in the Cayman Islands?: A Visual Guide to Tax Havens 
Can anyone help me with a Mint.com question? Specifically how to manually enter a credit cards info from an institution Mint can't link to?
Best place to research finance "for dummies"?
Pay Off Car Loan of Continue Building Credit?
Are there any cheap international money transfer fees (US to Germany)?
$70k in the market... buy a rental property or let it ride?
Where can I actually get my credit score for free?
How much home can a young person afford in a non-standard situation of: higher net worth, lower income? [Numbers within]
Buy Real Estate or Keep Saving?
Is paying off my student loans with a personal loan a good idea?
/r/personalfinance, how do I get a windfall of $1,000,000?
Ways to make money with HomeSaver
Have you ever asked for advice from a certified financial advisor? If the answer is no, this short video will give you great insight into how to make money on your spendings in areas such as insurance, utilities, pension schemes or investments.
Is there a convenient bank that is NOT evil?
Need to pay parents back for college from my investment funds.  What's the best way to withdraw $65,000 without getting taxed in the face?
Reddit, what is your personal savings rate?
Emergency Fund in Stocks?
Best way to invest £4000?
I got $100,000 from my Dad's insurance when he passed away recently. I have 60k in student loans to pay off... then what?? 
"Important: Quicken Services Will Discontinue April 30" ... alternatives?
Complete personal finance rookie. Canadian, 23, first job, no debt, living at home. What do I do?
Does anyone know how to pay on specific sallie mae loans that are in the same 'billing group'?
Anybody have experience with Registered Education Savings Plans (RESPs)? [Canada]
Difference between a 401(k) and a 403(b) account?
Keeping my emergency fund in a checking account with 4% returns?
I have to use my car for work. What kind of tax deductions can I get, if any, next year?
I am 16 and have $10,000 to invest what should i do?
Buying a investment rental property on Line of Credit vs Mortgage. Which is better?
What is bad about FHA mortgages?
What is bad about FHA Mortgages?
Does E-Trade charge a transaction fee if you choose to automatically reinvest dividends?
I have no credit! I need help with finding the right secured credit card! Any advice?
Refinancing through HARP program. Is there a downside?
Young professional with 60k in mutual funds, what to do?
Which debt should I pay towards first?
Both cars are seven years old.  Do I increase my Emergency Fund to include purchasing a possible replacement?
Emergency Fund in Series I Bond, CD, or Elsewhere?
I'm rolling my Roth IRA over from one institution to another. Are there any tax implications I should be aware of?
I work at a securities firm, what kind of penalties/liability can I face if I open a brokerage account without them knowing? 
What is your ideal, comfortable income level that you would like to achieve at some point in your life?
Financing a motorcycle even though I have the cash?
Is there a limit on the amount of loans I can take out?
Is there a way to avoid taxes on earnings from my ESPP stock when I sell it? IE: Could I xfer the earnings to my 401k, or some other retirement account, etc?
529 College Savings Plan for a sibling?
Does 0% really mean anything? I know the auto industry does not care about me and my financial situation, so exactly what is the truth behind this bold claim.
I made $17,000 last year. I am a dependent. US University Financial Aid (FAFSA) Help?
I've just graduated college, how can I find the most fiscally sound places to live in the US?
Being able to roll a Roth 401(k) into a Roth IRA - isn't this a loophole?
Hiring A Financial Planner? 5 Good Reasons Why You Should
Your favorite "what if I had bought X?" stock calculator
Does credit card utilization have a "memory" aspect to it?
company requiring car payment - possible to negotiate?
Not eligible for Alliant CU Checking Account.  Anyone get rejected?
AMEX Premier Rewards gold card - how do they determine the utilization?
Bankruptcy Car Loans – How To Obtain A Car Loan After Bankruptcy?
Does your bank account offer the best service?
$200/mo to invest. What would you do?
Do I have too many credit cards? What do I do with the unused open accounts?
Best personal finance software? (Outside of Quicken?) 
Which Credit Card to choose?
Is there any advantage to keeping my TSP account if I already have a 401k and Roth IRA?
Multiple ROTH IRAs?
Lexington Law, scam or actually worth it?
Am i doing something wrong on my taxes?
Secure credit card with no annual fees to (re)build credit? 
Unable to pay large accumulated debt for 1-2 yrs: file bankruptcy or just don't pay it and take the hit? Pros/Cons
Resources on the profitability of rental properties?
Should I see a financial consultant? Lots of debt, not sure what to do.
Could someone give a breakdown of YNAB vs Mint?
Am I dealing with a rogue/resentful loan originator?
What are your numerical personal finance goals?
Does applying for multiple credit cards at once affect credit score?
Can I be held responsible for family parking tickets?
How can I soften the blow of implementing a budget? I don't know where to start.  
Pay off a car loan or save the money?
Tax Question - Long Term Stocks Show No Cost?
I just invested in Lendingclub.com.  What type of document will reflect my income from the interest I accrue?  A W2 or a 1099?  If it's neither of those, what will it be?
I donate plasma about twice a week totaling around $130 a month. I am paid via a reloadable Visa card. Do I need to report this?
Just found out we are pregnant. What are some things I should do to financially prepare? 
Can I buy a $230,000 house with my income and debt?
Does Your Credit Score Affect Your Self Worth?
Any Canadians with experience opening a TFSA or an Investment Account online?
Made Roth IRA contributions. Got separated from wife, now what?
 Am I in deep?
(UK)Pay back 0% Debt or build emergency fund?
wait...is this saying more ppl bank online than use social networks...?
Full-time job I had last year is trying to give me a 1099 for 2 months and W2 for 4 months so they can avoid penalties. Feel like I'm getting screwed. Help?
Dual Citizen.....Saving Across the border. Any tips or comments? (US)+(CA)
I paid off everything on my credit report. Now what?
What is the best, as in accurate, "How much house can I afford?" calculator?
Can you help me with a plan? My family and boyfriend are too emotionally invested to be much help at this point.
Downside to backing out of a home refinance process?
How will getting married affect my FAFSA?
After children - changing financial priorities affecting your relationship?
Credit Union said no to lower APR but offered to increase my limit. What should I do?
New job, working on a 1099. Have 3 401k accounts that I've pretty much ignored. Should I roll everything into an IRA?
Do I have to pay double taxes on my IRA?
Regarding Personal Finances,  What Would You Tell a 16 Year Old You?
How many bank accounts do you maintain, and how do you structure them?
Would like to move checking account, are online/mail based banks any good?
What's your take on Kiva?
Should I convert traditional IRA to a Roth IRA?
I have two accounts totaling $10k. Can you help me figure out which to pay off first so I get the best "snowball" effect?
When your credit card expires, does not renewing it hurt your credit score?
What is the best credit card to get?
r/pf - I'll be switching bank accounts this month / or next. Can someone give me a step by step breakdown on how to do it?
Here's my information, does it make sense for me to buy my first home?
I'm paying way too much for auto insurance (Los Angeles). What's the CHEAPEST car insurance I can legally have, just for the short term?
Dumb question... Is it true that you can put 5k into a Roth IRA per year and still be able to withdraw the contributions early at no penalty?
Paying off student loans early *bad* for credit score...??
What's a normal amount to have in savings?
State income tax... should I file even if I don't have to?
Having same argument and need your help- husband wants to buy nicer house and I want to stay and fix-up.  Thoughts?
Anyone done any credit card rewards gaming? (/r/frugal xpost)
When do you think that your heart is wrong?
Which college course is best for ROI?
Question about tax preparation- who to choose?
I have a savings account with a corresponding 'checkbook' for it.  I thought checks could only be written from checking/current accounts, and if not, what is the difference between savings and checking accounts?
Advice before I go forward on a short sale, or foreclosure?
Can minor unpaid bills harm you in the long run (specifically your credit score)?
Who can answer my tax bracket question with a definite answer?
27yr old with ~830k (self-made) networth. current financial plan/situation -- advice/comments/thoughts?
Should I put this $2k in an Ally CD or something else?
I'm in Canada and have two jobs (one main job and 
one very part time job). What's the best way to put 
the money from job #2 away for my future?
Is it worthwhile to take the hit to my credit score for the bonuses of a new card?
$7000 Credit Card debt, but I got the credit card before I was 18?
Does a refi make sense when I'm moving in 3-4 years?  (details in comments)
What are credit card companies looking for in applicants?
College loans- General advice?
22yo building credit, should I transfer over my debt off of my mom?
Employer sent a 1099-div instead of a 1099-misc.  What can/should I do?
Can one buy paper I-bonds and convert them to electronic I-bonds without counting against the $5K electronic cap?
I'm thinking about building a real estate portfolio and renting; how feasible are my plans?
Cancel multiple store credit cards all at once or spread out over months?
I'm sick of the fees and suckage of big retail banks. What are thoughts on alternatives (esp Ally)?
Can someone explain FHA loans to me?  
How much should you spend on a car? (CA)
[CAN] Taxes with a common law partner?
Saved up 10k. Put in savings or help pay parents mortgage?
What type of savings account is this?
I just found out a coworker is making much more than me. What should I do?
I just received a $500 check back from an insurance down payment of 4 years. What is the best way to invest such a small amount?
Reddit, I'm 20. How can I start investing (now) to retire young/live fruitfully? (No idea on investing at all)
Can I afford a house?
What is Finance? And Employment Options in the Financial Industry — Loans.net

Contribute % of bonus to 401(k)?
Mortgage refinance questions - fees? Best way to shop around?
What type of bank account should I open for my kids?
I'm one year into a 3 year lease. How can I get rid of the car?
401k - If I don't like the funds my 401k invests in, what are my options without getting penalties?
Donations from your tax return...Why aren't programs like NASA, education, alternative energy and transportation on this list?
From US, probably will live in Europe for 6-12 months. What are my options for Chip &amp; PIN cards?
curious what r/personalfinance thinks about peer &amp; community lending?
Is anyone else having trouble getting mint to access bank of america?
Orders from amazon.com using my ink bold get cancelled the bank and amazon each blame each other. Any suggestions?
Shoooot - Missed my credit card payment on Friday.  Paid today.  Anything happen?
(Followup) I just found out a coworker is making much more than me. What should I do? 
Canadian tax help?
Queries Ask, Where to get a loan with bad credit?
What do you guys think of betterment?
What types of an installment loans are available for people with bad credit?
Is there any reason NOT to rapidly fund my 401(k)?
Why do I need an emergency fund again?
What's a good credit rating to try and get off of my secured credit card?
Best course of action for 401(k)-IRA rollover?
Simple question.. I hope. How long should I pay on a loan to benefit my credit score?
Can I use my American Express card to buy a Visa Prepaid Debit card to pay my rent and get Amex points?
How aggressive is "too aggressive" in paying off student loans? (x-posted to /r/StudentLoans)
What is the best way to find a financial planner?
What credit card should I get?
Out of college ('11) and finally on my own. Should I get a credit card?
keeping a balance on a credit card. Does this help your credit score?
My brother's first name differs from mine by just one letter, and his actions are showing up as an alias on MY credit report. What do I do?
Are these 5 tips are helpful to refinance my mortgage loan?
I know about independence... How do I gain financial patience?
Neat tool, calculate how long you worked for something: What did I work for it?
Which side of the border? Simple and dumb questions about state taxes
Can I low-ball my credit card company?
How do I find a good Credit Card to transfer my existing balance to?
Shoeboxed, Expensify or Lemon?  I want to go paperless, what's the best way? (CA)
Financed a 2012 hybrid, am I dumb?
How do I get my credit score?
I was just told I do not qualify for the making HAMP program.  What do you think?
Australian version of 'I Will Teach You To Be Rich'?
Got a good job...what are the worst ways to spend my money?
(CA) I have a 10,000 dollar loan from citifinancial. What the heck do I do!?!?
[HELP!] UK, How does cancelling a direct debit affect me?!
Do you suffer from FOMO?
Self Employed, What can I declare?  UK
Why have a company 401k and a roth IRA?
50k under on mortgage, want to move to another house, what is the best option? Anyone with experience?
What to do when there is no 401k match offered?
Considering bankruptcy. Is it ever a "good" idea?
Should I cash in an old 401k to pay off debts to go back to school?
My brother just had a son and I'd like to start him off with some sort of account.  Is this possible?
I am 22 yrs old just finished University and have my first big job. What are some personal finance tips?
A bit silly but how do I justify upgrading my phone?
Is it possible to move money from a 403(b) into a personal IRA whenever I want?
Wife has maxed out Roth but can't get 401k. Contribute more to my retirement account or do something else in her name?
Refinance with Hart program for Underwater Loan Good idea?
If banks profits from our money outpace inflation always, shouldn't there be a law to *at least* give us interest rates equal to inflation?
What would you do with my money?
17, about to leave for the Air Force.  How do I set up a solid financial foundation for myself?
Tips on starting a (Roth) IRA?
Who should I hire to advise me?
Just read "The Wealthy Barber", written in 1989, how much do you think is still relevant today? (CA)
I thought student loans couldn't be bankrupt. Can they be forgiven?
725 credit score; denied for Citi Forward due to 'limited credit history' -- will calling them help?
Should I enroll in my Company's stock program?
When to max 401k?
Need to buy a car, new or used?
Credit card autopay went through but didn't withdraw anything from bank, what should I do?
Credit card options for a recent college grad?
How often should I buy securities within my Roth IRA?
How beneficial is increasing limit, line of credit?
Do you give to charitable causes?  If so, how much and why?
sick of BofA and I change residences and travel a lot, what is a good U.S. Credit Union that I can join?
I'm a 22 year old male, college drop out, about 20k debt. I wanna go back to school. Help?
What percentage of my gross income should I put back to retirement?
Need help getting credit card what am I doing wrong?
Can you get rid of derogatory marks in your credit report or do you just have to wait 7 years?
Just paid off a Best Buy credit card, and I want to cancel it now. Good idea, or bad idea?
Started a new job. 401K matching starts soon. What plan should I pick (Vanguard)?
Why is buying a house considered a good investment?
401k/Roth IRA hardship withdrawals &amp; tax status when you move overseas?
Taxable account to non-taxable account?
Going to grad school, saved some money, should I invest in retirement and risk taking loans out?
How could Microsoft just stop making Money?
First salaried job- Invest/Savings plan?
Is it a smart idea for me to purchase company stock in my current situation?
Sell paid-off truck and replace with a used car?
Why shouldn't I move money to some off-shore account where interest rates are higher? As long as I report the income to the IRS, what's the flaw in this strategy?
About to reach desired size of emergency fund... What now?
First job out of college, working in the US but don't intend to retire here. What should I do with my money?
Laid off. Should I rollover my 403(b) retirement to a Roth IRA or cash out and use as contribution to a traditional IRA?
My student loan principal was paid off in full?
[First time poster] Sell or hold SDS? I need some advice
As a 20-year-old, could I take an $11,000 loan? Would there be any bank that would give it to me?
I am a Canadian expat living in China considering opening an offshore investment account in Isle of Man, Jersey, or Guernsey. What should I be thinking about?
Withdraw from Roth for down payment or keep it there?
If I sell my savings bonds worth $2,000. Then put $2,000 into my IRA. Will I be taxed on the sale?
What is the point of check cashing places?
Does it hurt your credit score if you open and close credit cards frequently to take advantage of "Bonus" offers (miles, points, etc.)?
Is there a way to find out when you got your last Free Credit Report?
Advice Request: Benefit of a personal finance planner?
Is debt consolidation a good option for me?
Is there a commonly accepted % of monthly takehome income to devote to rent?
Moved out of the USA, what about my IRA?
My family has come into some money, how realistic is it to be earning 5-10% on it in the market?
Help! How did you learn how to do your personal finances?
Receiving a monetary gift from parents for down payment on a house purchase... what are the things I need to know?
So I opened a ROTH IRA. Now what?
I asked askreddit a few days ago and I was directed here. I'm about to inherit $116k. What should I do? [details inside]
I MUST consolidate my student loans: Federal Gov. VS Bank?
I am working on Québec on an internship for three months on a big company, and paying a shitload of taxes. I'm from Argentina, and came to Canada with a working visa for this specific job, so I won't be able to stay after my internship finished. Is there any tax reinbursment I may apply to? 
How do you decide when to sell a stock?
~$21000 student loans, making $43k/yr, hate job &amp; want to go back to school, main source of income for family. Advice?
Receiving higher than expected offers on mineral rights royalties I know nothing about. How do I evaluate if now is a good time to sell?
Advice on car insurance?
What does consolidating loans mean, and can I do it with (two different) private loans?
Want to refinance my car loan, any advice you can give?
Minors and Finances - Can I Open a Bank Account in My Own Name? [xpost from r/YouthRights]
Is 2% interest rate on Car Loans here to stay?
paying back debt with very little income?
How Do Government Bonds Work?
UPDATE: Who should I hire to advise me?
[Canada] Will someone please tell me more about T4A forms? What can I deduct from my Taxes?
Incarcerated family member sent me a check for $56k to invest on his behalf, what is the best way to minimize gift tax liability, and what is a recommended investment for this situation?
Changing from a bank to a credit union?
Underwater Mortgage? Why Suze Orman Recommends You Quit Paying
I want to open a Roth IRA but don't want to put a whole lot of effort into it.  What are my options?
Professional Tax Prep--worth the $$?
W4 Setting?
Where can I (fairly) safely put a few thousand dollars for a couple years so that it will at least keep up with inflation?
In two weeks I start a $100k/yr job-- three times what I've ever made. What do I need to know/do/not do?
My life savings aren't doing anything for me just yet. Where's a safe bet to allocate them to see results?
Should I Sell My Audi And Get A Civic?
I've made over $20,000 on ebay over the last year. It's getting near that time. Tax advice?
Is there any hope? What do?
What steps do you follow when doing your taxes?
Cash Back From a Debit Card? Check out Perkstreet Financial’s Checking Account.
Does my husband have to pay federal AND state income taxes?
21 Years old, pressured into Whole life. Good Idea?
I have money in a domestic Bank of China account.  How can I move it to an account in the UK?
According to Turbo tax, I'll be getting about 2 dollars back from the state. Can I just not file with the state? 
Why do you often need to be 21 to contribute to a 401k?
How to park $120K for a new house?
How to effectively plan for an early retirement?
My mother has retired recently but only has about $100,000 in savings. What would be the best investment option(s) to maximize how long this money will last, but is also relatively secure?
Marketriders, Betterment, Personal Capital. Have you tried any of these money management sites? Opinions?
Possibility of moving to London in June for a year or two long employment, how should I pay off my student loans?
Which credit card should I get for rewards?
Does your debit card have one of the 100 most common PIN numbers?
Roth conversion on an IRA several years old?
Private (non-federal) Student Loans: Options? What did you do?
Bank loan?
How does a mortgage/loan work if you build your own house?
What happens now that I paid off my collections debt?
Can you use classic/vintage cars as loan collateral?
Worth it to follow dream?
I worked for a company for a week and only made $200, but lost the w2..do I have to file it?
Are you in the market for bad credit auto financing ? Are you looking for new or a used car ?
but your bad credit situation is preventing you from getting auto finance options you want.

HSA Question - 4k surgery with 1k in account. Can I pay cash and claim next year?  
Opening IRA, possible to transfer holdings from a brokerage account to fund it?
Getting married soon, how is my idea for saving money for our honeymoon?
Refinancing questions: does the bank matter? Should I shop around everywhere?
Would this avoid the 10% 401k withdrawal penalty?
US Freelancer, paid by Canadian company, haven't filed taxes in years, want to go legit - wat do?
So I just realized I could have been getting a refund on taxed dividends... can I retroactively apply for this money back?
I just closed on my first small real estate deal &amp; received a commission check of $6656... where should I put it?
Is it too late to contribute to a Roth IRA for this year?
Did You Get a 1099-K Tax Form This Year?
When should I refinance? 
How to setup pay off options with credit cards?
I have debt in collections, want to pay it off. Where start? 
Is there an upper limit to how fast it's worth paying off a car loan?
Tips on student loans? More info inside. Advice appreciated
I want to buy some mutual funds, is there difference between buying through Individual portfolio/roth IRA or traditional IRA?
Paid auto loan reported to CRA as a charge off??
Unemployment extension for students?
Switching to lower APR credit card?
How to Invest ~500€/Month? (DE)
Time to cut my losses on a stock so I can use the funds for something else?
Any rule of thumb on the number of investment accounts to have? (e.g., Schwab, Wells Fargo, Vanguard, etc...)
Just graduated college and I have no credit, do I want a secured credit card?
Receiving a $10,000 gift for my daughter's college fund. Whats the best, safest way to grow this money for her?
How can I save money and stop living paycheck to paycheck?  Lots of details inside.
monthly contribution to a mutual fund?
How much does it typically cost to have an accountant do your taxes?
How do I move funds from a Putnam Roth IRA (managed by Edward Jones) to a, new, Vanguard Roth IRA? 
Saving for a year, any suggestions?
any good mint european alternatives?
Can You Answer These 3 Simple Finance Questions?
I have an LLC... Can I use that for some personal finance benefit?
Purchased I-Bonds in 2011, no taxable information available?
Thinking about becoming a bonus surfer. What's the harm in opening multiple credit cards for the points? 
Was it a mistake to buy I-bonds?
Reddit, can we talk about -insurance- as an aspect of personal finance?
How can I check if my friend is eligible for a pension plan at a company she used to work at?
I have zero credit and would like to start raising it. Would getting something like a Target credit card or something similar be a smart move?
Should I refinance my car, or pay it off early?
I owe on taxes, what went wrong?
To build credit, should I wait until I get a statement to pay my credit card?
What's a good breakdown for 401(k)/Roth Deferral?
Is taking a loan out, only to use that very money to pay it off in full, a good idea to increase credit history? 
How should I invest in a Roth?
Is an annual fee for a credit card ever worth it?
Is it possible to pay off a student loan with your credit card?
How long should I wait after paying off my student loan (150k+) with a retroactive scholarship before trying to finance a car?
OK then... so what should one do to maximize the benefit of owning a business?
Where to Get a Loan with Bad Credit? Get to Online, Extreme Search
How much student loan debt is too much?
Any recommendations for my current financial plan?
I have a bunch of extra money -- what to do?/where to invest?
Noob Question: Who Says You Own the House?
Reddit, where's the fastest (and most comprehensive) place to do research for companies covering all exchanges?
How do you rack up credit card points?
Is it true that my deposits to US banks that are in foreign countries are not insured?
Is there somewhere I can go to find out exactly what amount I could be approved for on a vehicle?
Stay in school part-time to defer loans?
Starting a Roth IRA.  What should I invest in?
1st attempt ever at pre-qualifying for a mortgage tomorrow at 2pm - Am I overlooking anything?
I have an obnoxious spending habit. . . can you guys give me tips? 
What about cash flows?
I just got a job working from home doing tech support. What do I need to do to prepare for filing my taxes next year?
Credit Card asking for proof of ID after application?
Last year I applied for an AX Blue card and was denied. Now I have been "Selected" to apply for both Green and Gold cards. What should I do?
(US) What's it mean if 'taxes are low' right now?
I might be moving to Jersey for a job soon, how should I deal with the increased cost of living?
Using Business CC to keep track of my write offs as an independent  contractor...?
Why do I see my paycheck a day early with USAA?
Are big mortgage down payments worth it? (CA)
Are these really the biggest mistakes you can make to mess up your credit?
Budgeting - How do you do it? Any advice for me?
Who should pay on the first Date?????
Calculate Your Hourly Worth
Ever wonder if you should tackle a task yourself—for example, painting your room or cleaning your house—or hire someone to do it for you? Use this calculator to estimate the value of an hour of your time. 
So, finance moguls. I have money for the first time in my life, and 0 expenses. Where should I put it so it can start earning a decent amount of interest?
Refinance mortgage with HELOC?
How does this budget look? First time doing this and would love feedback!
Unmatched 401k worth it?
Will paying off a loan effect my credit score in the short term? 
I studied hard and landed a 6-figure income out of college. What do I need to do to save myself from tremendous taxing?
Where are you on the global pay scale? [Interactive/Chart]
Building Your Credit Score: Are Credit Cards Your Best Option?
Guys, I'm about to enroll in college, and I have a financial decision to make, with little knowledge of the long term affects. Could you guys help me out?
Student Loan transferred to MOHELA? How do I know this is legit? 
Why do most people have credit card debt? 
Where do you rank on the global rich list?
Could I take out a personal loan for and use that money to pay it back month to month to increase my credit?
So. I have lousy credit score, about to get worse. Her score is decent.  We aren't married (yet).  How does this affect us getting a mortgage?
What's the advantage to 3 check months when paid biweekly?
I am 22 years old. Haven't went to college yet. No debt whatsoever. 1,000$ in my chequing account. What life advice and tips related to finances do you have for me?
If you win the Megamillions do you take cash or annuity?  
New temp job advice? (AU)
How to pay my student loans off more efficiently?
Engaged! But, partner has bad US credit habits/rating. How does this effect us/me? How can I help us/him? What will happen when we are married? 
Choosing credit unions/accounts?
Top Questions Detailing, ‘Where Can I Get a Loan with Bad Credit?’
18 years old with credit card debt. Need some reassurance/advice here?
I'm thinking of loaning out my money through microfinance websites. Is there anyone who has done that and can give some advice or share their experiences in this?
Are CD Ladders still viable?
Microfinance: Anyone with experience regarding microlending? I'm interested in it as a combined form of diversification and philantropy and I'm interested in what people have to say!
What's the best way to invest in index funds?
401k + Deductible IRA - Possible?
Anyone know of a bank/credit union that shows near-real time instant debit card transactions online?
Lost checks in mail, what should I do to protect myself?
Number of credit accounts &amp; credit scoring?
Multiple checking/savings accounts - will this hurt my credit in any way?
Took r/personalfinance's advice...now what?
How are all you US twentysomethings earning such high salaries?
What is the best way of selling a financed car work?
How should I vote with my shares?
How legit are these "checks" that my credit card company sends me every now and then?
Need help choosing which college to go to?
What if I'm expecting to make more than the Roth IRA maximum salary in not too long?
What should I do with my money?
Can I work at the age of 14?
Creative student loan repayment?
If another registered user (cardmember) uses my CC, it goes toward my credit, right?
Short-term CDs for people not spending money for a significant time? (I'll explain inside)
The most important thing to ask a financial advisor: Are you a fiduciary?
Credit (card?) help.
Get hosed by your bank for a bunch of overdraft fees?  Sue them in small claims court - it's easier than you think.
Is it possible to get negative items on my credit report changed?
College Loans, how to go about it?
Failed out of university, took a year off, want to get back to school. I am already around 20k in student loan debt, will I be able to get more loans to go back to school?
Should I move to Atlanta?  Need help figuring out if relocation package is right.
Saving / investing for Europeans?
Too late to sell stock and record a capital loss to offset my fed taxes?
The Tax Deadline Is Approaching Fast. Do You Need to File For An Extension?
Inheriting $30k from CD ... taxable?
Poll: How do you file your taxes?
I need to buy a car in two months. What should I begin doing now?
Double payments vs. larger emergency fund?
AMEX Savings Interest Rate dropped from 1% to .75%. Should I open an account elsewhere or just stick to AMEX?
26 year-old trying not to end up like my parents. Take a look at my finances?
Mint.com fixes or alternatives?
Can we please stop hating on people with high student loan debt?
More than 10 million Americans File for A Tax Extension.  Will You Be One of Them This Year?
First time filing taxes. I have a work visa. I filed my taxes with Turbotax (gave my cc info to pay), got this in my email. Does that mean I'm done and I don't owe anything to IRS?
low credit score but why?
Take market gains now, or seek compounding?
Should I finish paying off my school loans or invest in my Roth IRA?
I just got a job offer that specifies "... salary of $___ per month, exempt status."  Can someone elaborate on what this means?
The Most &amp; Least Taxing States 2012: How Taxing Is Your State?
I signed a $900 agreement with a credit repair company and the results were abysmal. Should I be worried? Is it too soon to say?
Lifestyle question: Am I being a little too frugal for my position? I don't feel like I'm ruining my youth, but other people beg to differ. $45K salary, taking home only $1,950/month ($12k/year into retirement)
Contributed to RothIRA.  Now what?
Buy a new car with cash OR take a 0% APR 60-month loan and use that $30k toward my mortgage?
Best plan to save up for college?
How to budget/build credit through grad school?
Experiences with personal management companies?
Home Owners, I'm taking a poll. What was the value of your first home, marital status, income, and credit score? Any regrets? Throwaways welcome. 

My lease is up in June...should i go pre-owned, lease another, or buy used?
Starting a Roth and undecided between Schwab and Scott trade. Anyone have experience with either? 
Should I close my old 
c.c.account?
Just received a letter from my mortgage company asking if I want to terminate my escrow account.  Will I save anything if I do?
Is there an ideal amount of money to retire with?
Is it financially smart to pursue my med school dream? Details inside...
Selling my car. Should I pay a body shop to fix up some damage, or sell it as is?
Homeowner Question: Lived in my house for several years, do I need mortgage lender's approval to move out and rent to someone else?
r/pf: If you trade stocks, what brokerage firm do you use?
Should I take a pay cut to join a new company?
Is a Second Credit Card the Way to Go?
How are Social Security Benefits calculated exactly?
Can we get a consensus on something?  Is it better to lease or buy a car?  If "it depends", do you have a quick and simple rule of thumb for when it's advantageous to do one or the other?
just found out about a whole life insurance policy from my parents. advice?
Pay off students loans or invest in the stock market?
Starting school AND buying a house? Is this a good idea or a horrible idea?
30 Year Mortgage - Should we bid farewell to it?
401K vs. Roth? Need advice on my plan
Checking account compromised. What all should I do and how can I better protect myself? (x-post from askreddit)
401K or IRA?  Refinance?
Education 529 for myself to be used in 5 years - worth it?
Should I apply for another Credit Card?
May be a dumb question but why would anyone put their money in a CD with ING at .50% APY when you could keep in in your savings account at .80% APY?
401k vs Roth 401k? IRA vs Roth IRA?
Capital One credit card, yea or nay?
Health Insurance for Self-Employed Question: HSA or Low Deductible?
Renewing my mortgage...what term should I go with?
Is it ok to have multiple bank accounts to save money?
55k in the bank. What to do?
Do any online brokerages offer online banking tools?
Help, should I get a loan to get out of my old house?
I am a US citizen who is studying permanently at a school in Belgium that is not a FAFSA participant. I'm hitting a financial speed bump, how can I pay for this? 
Is it hard to get a credit card with a job contract starting this summer (but no past job or credit history)?
Short life expectancy, best way to invest?
Too late to contribute to my 2011 Roth IRA?
I'm going to ask for a raise in the next couple weeks.  Any tips?
I decided to invest in a traditional IRA for 2011 *after* paying my 2011 taxes. Am I too late to get any kind of tax credit/refund?
inherited some money. what to do? (DE)
Savings,  CD, bonds? I have no idea...
Employer doesn't 401k match, should I contribute to my 401k or put it somewhere else?
What happens when I retire with no savings?
Advice on buying a foreclosure / homepath financing?
Applying for a home loan.  Still have some student loan debt.  Better to pay off the loan or have cash on hand?
Pay off 0.9% car loan?
Remove parents as joint account holders?
I was a victim of identify theft, filing my taxes, what else can I do?
Tips on buying at house?
Graduating law school in a month. I have huge student loans, but also a good job. How should I prioritize my finances?  
I have a SIMPLE IRA at work, does this count towards the $5,000 I can put towards a Roth/traditional IRA?
Budgeting for combined finances?
My earned income this year looks like it'll be an edge case for Roth IRA contribution limits - what can I contribute?
Should I re-fi to a 15 Year Mortgage?
How often should I rebalance my portfolio?
How do I build credit without a credit card?
Paying off student loans, what to do?
Income Taxes (personal) - How do I claim $1K (check for freelance work) without a 1099 form?
Drowning in Private Loans - To consolidate or run away to Bhutan?
Drowning in private loans - consolidation or run away to Bhutan?
Raise credit limit or keep spending over 30% of limit?
Best place for an auto loan?
Will a short sale affect my credit?
Roth IRA vs. Traditional IRA?
Mint's suggestion for investment accounts?
I'm working for a new startup company (background inside), can I invest my ownership equity into an ira?
Getting my first credit card. The max cash rewards are less than the annual fee, but it was the only one that approved. Do I keep?
Looking for more info on the "total accounts" part of credit score. CreditKarma says 21+ is an "A" seems high to me. Also, diversification?
What happens in 40-50 years when no one has savings?
How does my 403b work?
Pay off car early, good or bad thing?
Participate in ESPP?
What Does Your Wallet Say About You?
Time based retirement goal - suggestions?
What would you do if your credit card was declined? A problem on Visa's end meant that for about 40 minutes, from 2:40 to 3:20 p.m., EDT, according to the Associated Press, people couldn't use their Visa credit card or debit card.
Beginner Vanguard Fund?
Can we get something added to the FAQ about how to pay off student loans?
Inherited $24k from Grandma. Should I contribute to our Roth IRA or pay off student debt? 
Any suggestions for a credit card comparison site?
Husband has good credit, I have not that great credit. How to proceed?
Consolidate or Balance Transfer?
my banks branch being sold, what do?
R/Personalfinance thinks every loan rate over 5% is high. What are you at?
If you have six credit cards paid offwould it hurt your credit to have a seventh card with a low credit limit but near that limit?
ZeroHedge: What If Housing Is Done for a Generation?
Car loan question- Wife has ~28k in college loans, should we jointly apply for a used car loan or do I go it alone?
Can I afford this $450k mortgage? And is it the right move?
Question. I just filed for an extension on my taxes (via turbotax), and forgot to include extra income (from my savings accounts).... will i be in trouble from the IRS for this?
Looking to increase my credit score by increasing my credit limits - but how much do I need?
How much did you pay in taxes this year?
How bad is a debt settlement for credit?
Is this a reasonable budget for a college student?
Can employers match Roth IRA contributions?
What's your 'I wish I started doing this sooner' story? Let's learn from one another.
Can someone help me understand the Turbo Tax Card?
No car payment till..., what to do with it?
Is This The Worst Piece Of Mortgage Advice Ever Given? - The Consumerist
What can a broke college student do to save well?
As a high earner "should" I be doing Roth conversion tricks?
ive persuaded myself to set aside 30mins each weekend to go over my finances. what should i do in this time?
$200k in student loans, graduating and will be starting work in June. What do I need to know? (US)
Hey r/personalfinance I live in Los Angeles, can anyone recommend a good credit union?
Savings vs. paying down mortgage -- advice?
What is the best account type to begin saving for a house?
Setting up a trust, where should I start?
How do I get debt collectors to stop contacting me?
Is Mvelopes My Only Option for Auto-Downloading Transactions into an Envelope Budget System?
18, managed to get 3k into my new Vanguard Roth for 2011. Now what do I do from there? 
Advice with finances as I start college this fall?
Pay Student Loan via Check or Credit Card and immediately pay off card in full?
Thoughts on Refinancing a Student Loan?
Headed to college &amp; have close to $5K in my bank, how should I start investing my money?
What do you think of these ETFs in terms of buy and hold funds (several decades)?
Should I use my 401k to pay off my Student Loans?
Refi from 30-year mortgage to 15-year?
HELOC for home addition?
Just graduated, need advice on loans + investments?
Just opened up a Roth IRA at Vanguard and deposited $5000!  Now what?
Having vehicle troubles...should I repair or look into getting a new (used)one?
How do you store your paperwork?
What do I do when I graduate and get a decent job right out of college? (CA)
What do I need to know about taking out student loans for the first time?
Should I pay off my house?
Where Can I Find Reasonably Priced or Free Financial Advice?
I'm 25.  Trying to budget for a wedding, student loans, retirement, etc.  Help?
How aggressive would you attack this debt based on my salary?
How much should you budget for a vacation?
Should I burn my accrued interest in one lump payoff?
How bad off am I?
Spoke with one of my bank's (USAA) financial advisors. Should a 23 year old go for a Flexible Premiuim Life Insurance policy?
I want to rollover from my traditional IRA to a roth IRA and was wondering what the tax rate will be?
How can I help my debt-laden parents? (CA)
I have this, make this and live here. Am I doing anything wrong or right?
[US] Credit Union Savings Accounts and Dividends?
Anyone know how a cash life policy works? Does it make sense for me to open one?
What does /r/personalfinance think of sites like betterment? 
I just went 60 days past due on my BofA credit card, What can I do to help my credit?
Any advice for asking for a raise when the company is in a down time?
personal finances (what else?)
ADVICE: Does becoming a Physician Assistant make sense? Is it sustainable at this point?
What's the most helpful financial or money-related piece of advice you have...or have ever been given?
Looking for a new credit card; considering the Fidelity Rewards AMEX (2% cash back). Any suggestions/recommendations? 
DAE live off of personal investments? What advice would you give?
Please guide me in making a smart financial decision - should my family keep an old back-up car around?
I have 200 us dollars a month to invest on my retirement, where should i invest it? I'm 37 y/o
Should I  pay off my car before buying a larger car for my growing family?  
Roth TSP - Why would I NOT want this?
Max out 401k contributions or Start Roth IRA?
The Hollywood Video Scam: do we have consensus on how to deal with this?
Every time I move, debtors claim I owe them money because I share name with someone who owes them money.. anyway to get rid of this?
Best way to start saving/investing out of college?
Newbie question for PF: what is the proper way to use a credit card?
So it's that Roth IRA time of the year...Should I just put the money in and wait, or should I invest it right away?
Help negotiating false billing from AT&amp;T?
Need advice, and is this a bad decision?
Saving for buying a car. How do you make your money work for you on a short timetable with reasonable risk?
Possible Credit Card fraud?? How does it look on your credit history?
Why won't they give me a credit card?
Quitting this summer, when to adjust my W4 allowances?
Best long term stock for dividend income?
Should I pay off my student loan, continue to save, or fund my retirement accounts?
Good audiobook on personal finance?
Fully funding 457(b) versus starting a Roth IRA?
How old where you when you opened your IRA?
Should I get a loan against a cd or pay in cash for land?
How do you start your own business?
Start a Roth IRA or pay off car loan?
Where to go from here?
Tax question WTF?
How do I go about getting a personal loan for $5000?
Are there any banks that don't charge a fee for a checking account?
Where do I go from here? Financial details inside.
Choosing the Right Analyst--Should You Listen to Dick Bove?
Refinance with whom?
Ten years to prepare financially for full time travel/early retirement. Where to start?
401K rollover to IRA/Roth IRA: do I have it right?
Stuck in a CDC loan - Anyone have experience?
Reduce monthly bill by $240 by paying off  5% interest car loan or eliminate a small 8.7% student loan and reduce monthly bills by $50?
Request a pay raise?
Retired computer analyst couple from rural Illinois plans "to invest" their Mega Millions winnings. What would you do in their shoes? (How about your own?)
Roth IRA Instead of a Savings Account?
Is there any reason to request an increase in my credit limit?
Need an unsecured personal loan for $5-8000; 735 creditkarma (transunion) score.  Can it be had?
What are Unsecured Credit Cards? 
[CA] Highschool Teenager, Small amount of capital where to invest, what to do with it? 
I turned 18 a while ago and realized I have almost zero knowledge on the basics of personal finance. What can I read or do to learn?
We all save but what does PF splurge on?
Credit card for non US citizens? 
I have a total of 3 credit cards. I never use 2 of them, and they have $0 balance. Can I cancel them without hurting my credit score?
Annulling bank charges?
[US] Is it true that if you offer a monthly payment to a creditor for a debt that they deem 'unacceptably low', that you are not required to pay?
27, Should I pay off $69k student loans from MBA or invest it somewhere else and pay it off slowly?
What's my plan? (Don't know what to do with this information.)
Car loan or dip into emergency fund?
How can I build credit?
Women: Are You Leaving $500,000 on the Table?
Simple(?) Student Loan Help?
Can I still snowball if I consolidate my federal student loans?
Is there a way to figure out the best credit cards to use for certain purchases?
Paid off a CC, how long until it's reflected on my credit report?
Hey guys! First post here. I have an opportunity to see Dave Ramsey in Grand Rapids, MI on my 21st birthday. Would you guys suggest seeing him?
Got denied for a credit card possibly due to clerk assisting me. Advice?
My W-2 was stolen.  What should I do to protect my identity?
When you ask to increase your limit what is an appropriate amount to ask for?
I'm military, and my paycheck is not enough. I dont have the time to get a second job, but would like to make extra, legal, money on the side. Any thoughts?
Does my wife's credit affect mine?
Any other ways to reduce my spending?
Do you put extra money towards your mortgage?
Will cancelling a credit card with a low credit limit hurt, help or do nothing to my overall credit? (more info inside)
Is it advisable to take money from my 401k to pay for school?
Looking for advice...how bad could it be?
If you had a million dollars, what would be the absolute best thing to do with it?
Should I apply for a credit limit increase?
Owning A Home: Less Attractive Going Forward?
Roth IRA alternative for someone with no "earned" income?
'Mid-term' saving options?
Best alternative to Vanguard?
How much time should I be spending on managing my money?
How can I possibly create a budget as a freelancer?
Bad idea to over pay into 401k?
Changing the type of credit card. Does it affect credit score?
Help me understand my 401k?
I'm a teenager who just got his first job and is looking to save money. Help?
Why cant I get a credit card ?
Site like nerdwallet, but for people researching for savings accounts?
transrisk vs everything else??
Do guys really think all girls are gold diggers?
Is there a way to re-open a closed cc account?
Upgrade or downgrade Amex account without losing account age?
Do you guys use Treasury Direct.com?
?: Online Banks (like ING) and Cash
What are your Excuses? | Just Fit Training
Should I ignore other credit cards while I try to pay them one by one? (CAN)
Is maxing out a 401k smart for someone that aspires to retire to part time work in their 40s?
Rolling over old employer 401k but not fully vested?
Where are you guys getting cheap dental plans? (USA here)
Is the amount of my net pay right?
Do personal finance software really help get &amp; stay organized?
Trading one loan for another..?
How long after paying off card will my fico score improve?
Is it too late to file a 2011 tax return?
How does my tax bracket change if I should invest in a TFSA or just a normal savings account? [Canada]
Should I take advantage of Special Direct Consolidation for my student loans?
Can a business owner have a Solo 401(k) in addition to an employer-sponsored 401(k) and an IRA?
What to do after getting out of debt?
How much should I put away to pay taxes on my research grant?
i'm comfortable with my debit card. but i want to build credit. is a credit card the only way? 
They considered my student loans as income?
What can we do? I'm disabled with a terrible benefit and my husband had his own trucking company but now has diabetes.
My friend's husband is on the way to ruining their family forever, what advice can I offer her?
Have you considered going paperless?
I have a 401k, mutual funds, and looking to invest the extra money I have, what should I do?
I have $500 in savings. What is the fastest way to grow my money?
I have a large hospital on the horizon - any advice for how to change strategy when your accounts are about to be annihilated?
Automating Healthcare Jobs/Professions? (Specific to Physician Assistants)
Hedging against inflation? Plus my finances.
Starting your own company for the sole purpose of declaring expenses to lower your net income to reduce taxes -- Does this work?
Going back to school, should I use this low-income time to rollover 401K to Roth IRA?
How much of my income should i be spending on rent? 
Can I qualify for a refinance?
How can I protect my life's savings if I end up in the emergency room? Best strategy for my situation?
I will have huge student loans coming out of college, is it still worth investing in a Roth IRA and company 401k while I'm in debt?
I am young and have quite a bit of money in the bank, what should I do ?
Does anyone know if incharge.org is legit?
Homeowner's Insurance Deductibles - how high/low?
Anyone in the NJ/PA area refinanced w/ Valley National Bank?
Is it Difficult to Get an Unsecured Credit Card? 
11k for a car sometime in the next couple months?
What should I do? I have enough money to pay off loans now, or should I invest and pay off monthly to build credit?
How do I choose whether to park my emergency cash reserves in a bank's savings account or a money market mutual fund? 
I have $5000 in private student loans at 10%. Is it possible/difficult to refinance them at a lower rate?
Contact lenses: How do you get them cheap?
Best financial "what if" websites?  With graphs and calculators and so on
Do I have to pay a debt collector or can I pay the original creditor directly?
First Public Employee Pension Fund Goes Bankrupt. Now what? Who pays?
Would you work more in my situation?
Recently married, now how to file properly?
How much cash, physical cash, to keep on hand?
What Should I Look for in a Business Reward Credit Card?
Guideline to stay debt-free after college?
How do I pick a credit card?
I'm getting my finances under control TODAY. Which tool is better, Quicken, or Mint?
Where to keep the emergency fund?
23k in Student Loans, different rates and sub/unsub. How do I target specific loans?
My next financial step (Loans/Cash/Roth)? 
How bad is this for my credit? 
Today I found out I will be inheriting $130,000 in a week's time. So Reddit, if you were in my position what would you do with the money?
Any simple way to take a large payment from a credit card?
When did you start maxing your 401k?
If a credit card charges no APR for the first 18 months, does that really mean if i don't pay back there's no penalty ? 
How mush should I save a year? How much should I have?
How does Portfolio Theory work?
Should I find a cheaper apartment?
29/yo. Graduated law school. Found job in old industry for 45,000/year. What do I do now??? No personal finance experience at all.
Question about paying off past unsubsidized loan with current subsidized loan...?
Is now a good time to start a Roth IRA? What about a high yield savings account?
Minimizing the impact of anticipated student loan debt?
What's the big panic about falling home prices?
My mom is turning 60. She has no retirement fund, no house, no debt, no assets except $55,000 CASH. What is the best/fastest/safest way to grow this money?
I'm trying to help people with their finances in my spare time(for free). Can I get some advice on my first case?
I have old loan payments that were applied to interest, why is this bad?
Got a letter from a dealership offering to buy back my car at its original MSRP.  Whats the catch?
Do You Still Keep a Checkbook?
What is the best way to buy Apple stock? [First Post/Beginner]
Car booted, where to go from here?
Credit card screwup. How to fix?
Want to spend less, save more.  Best place to put my money?
I'm about to go into a business venture with a close friend of mine! .... am I making a huge mistake?
Help! Fiancee has terrible credit, our plan is to purchase our first home in 1 yr - 18 months/ what can we do to make this happen?
Are there laws that dictate whether an employer can match bonuses outside of your base salary on a 401K?
Are Unsecured Credit Cards Available to All Consumers?
Student loan payoff choices?  Request guidance
When does interest on CCs accrue?
Do I need a credit card?
Should I buy a $43K Mustang? 
My friend told me that you shouldn't pay your Credit card bill off each month and leave 10% on your bill, so they think you "Need" them, and over time will raise your Credit Score higher. Is this True?
My brother is only 15, has a lot of money saved from a job.  What's the best options for someone this young?
Pay off my student loan, Pay down my car payment, or max out Roth IRA - What should I do?
Good time to put away a lump sum amount? (CA)
Online banks with cash deposits?
How valid is the idea of putting everything into a brokerage/Roth IRA?
Information on Student Lines of Credit?
Free money ($200) for opening a checking account with Chase?
Have 100k, need an investment service - who to go with?
I have a car that I don't really need - what's the best way out of this loan?
Can I spend money that is listed as a "pending transaction" to my account, or do I have to wait for it to become a "posted transaction" before it's mine? My account balance tells me it's mine to spend.
Should we pay or not pay our landlords "sublet advertising fee"?
Student Loan Debt: How should I attack it?
Just opened my IRA with Wells Fargo (22 y/o, first job). Was this a rookie move?
Receiving $16K in inheritance, do I have the right idea?
Roth IRA eligibility?
27% of my salary is withheld? 
Is there any way to just consolidate some (not all) of my student loans?
investment accounts with USAA?
(UK)(EU) Help with exchange rates?
Poor Credit? Know Your Rights As A Consumer
Should I do something with my money, or save it for an uncertain future?
Any tips on saving for a family I don't have yet?
University of reddit course - introduction to investments. Anyone interested?
Credit card confusion?
"Best" 529 Plans?
How much do you need saved to move out?
My primary credit card (originally through a Credit Union) is being reissued by Bank of America. How do I go about getting rid of BoA without destroying my credit history?

Roth IRA when possibly moving out of US?
23 with 20k in savings, what to do?
How to get out of going to a friends wedding to save money? 
Pay balance on CC numerous times a month or only on the due date?
Personal finance, and am I doing it right?
Refinance closing costs advice - what's normal?
How do I ask for a raise? Young guy at first job out university, almost done 3 month training period :( 
Inheriting some money but need to convert it from Polish zloty to Canadian dollars. Any better options? (CA)
(EU) Where should I open an international bank account?
University of reddit course - Business Finance. Anyone interested?
What is the best way to structure savings?
Parents denied as cosigner for private student loan. Anything I can do?
Should I combine multiple IRAs?
Help dealing with Collections Agency. Did I already mess up? (A bit long winded)
Should I open a savings account for my safety fund, or is it OK to leave it in the checking account?
My new employer offers a generous 401k contribution each year. I have $4k in a previous 401k. Should I roll over my $4k to an IRA?
Prediction: In 40 years my generation will exhibit the highest incidence of elderly poverty seen in the United States since the post-war boom. Think that's exaggeration? I wouldn't bet my bottom dollar against it.
How can I Qualify for a Student Credit Card? | securedcreditcardsonline.com
Hey /r/frugal - what's your advice on salary negotiation? Go for the money or go for the benefits?
Anyone with experience concerning Lending Club or similar?
Quick question: My employer won't match my 401k. So I max out my Roth 401k. That is correct?
Maxed out Roth and SEP, is VUL a good option?
Should I use a balance transfer for life to pay off 2nd mortgage so I can refi the 1st?
Last employer crumbling. Roll over old 401k to IRA or let it be? 
Are reinvested dividends taxed?
I'm going on a big trip, and I want to switch banks... Can anyone point me in the right direction?
Can't trust anything I find on Google for this one-- Trying to find the best credit card rewards program. Do you like yours?
Social Security Survivor Benefit: Is there an easy way to determine how much $ my children would get?
US citizen possibly working abroad in Turkey as a contractor.  What should I consider in salary negotiations?
How should I put my money into my 401k?
Does having "the talk" with a friend about their personal finance ever go well?
Is it better for me to buy, or am I drinking the kool-aid?
What should I look for when buying a $5000 car (models, mileage, year, etc...)? Do you guys have any advice?
What are the chances I could get a $1,200,000 loan? 
Hey r/PersonalFinance. I have ~$6,000 I'm looking to invest. I want to try to diversify as much as possible. Recommendations?
What Did You Learn From Working as a Teenager?
Term Life Insurance for a married couple. Policy with same or different companies?
Is not paying a credit card in full once a big problem?
What online brokerage service do you use and why? (Scottrade, Etrade, Ameritrade, etc.)
A tongue-in-cheek website to answer the question: Will I Go Bankrupt?
Making 6-7.5k this summer going into 5th semester college: Investment Strategy?
Should I put all my money down on a house or invest it?
Loan advice... declined for loan with 700+ score??
New employer, should I sign up for FSA or keep the HSA from old employer and find a high-deductible health plan?
Getting negative information removed off Credit Report?
What is the definitive textbook for personal finance?
I'm planning on taking out a private student loan to take summer courses. Any advice?
How are payments distributed across multiple student loans when paying above the minimum payment?
When cancelling tv/internet/phone service - is it best to pro-rate final billing yourself or wait for a refund?
Found error in the way a student loan company compounds interest.  I think...  What should I do next?
Deciding on a purchase with your significant other? Couples happier with joint purchase decisions after excluding products that appeal to only one of them, research shows.
Should I Borrow Money? (Something to ponder)
I work at a startup that I think will succeed. My stock options vest soon. What should I do?
Best way to keep track of cash, bank account, spending, budgeting?
Does a written-off medical bill hurt my credit?
Young, first time home buyer here. Advice on the process, financing, and the future?
Student loans are 1/3 my current assets. Pay it off now? Further details inside.
I get credit cards for sign up bonuses and rewards. This is what I have so far. Any other recommendations?
Negative Equity Home w/ Co-signer in a Recourse state, how to get out?
Getting ready to buy my first car with no credit under my belt.  Helps?
I will need to take out students loans next year, any advice?
How much do I really need to save for my kid's college?
Anyone else use Manilla for free bill management?
Quick! Currently in e-mail conversation with collections agent, is this they sent in regard to the deletion of a collections account sufficiently binding, if not what else should I request?
About to get a new car and need advice: finance or lease?
Why do I need a credit score?
Cash Value Life Insurance? Is it better than other investment/retirement vehicles (IRA, ROTH IRA, 
Underwater Mortgage in Illinois - Walk or Stay?
How does closing a credit card I no longer use affect my credit score?
How does closing a credit card I no longer use affect my credit score?
What would you do in my position? (xpost from r/frugal)
Best way to complete a high(ish) dollar transaction between two private parties?
I have a good paying job and about 100k saved up.  My wife just quit her job and we're thinking about starting a fast food franchise (probably Subway).  Any advice?
Is it a bad idea to pay my credit card bill more than once a month? 
What is the best type of student loan/grant for college? (x-post from askreddit)
Somebody please explain to my moronic self how the credit card interest works exactly?
What is a method to figure out how much I can afford in rent?
(Potential rant) Does anyone else think that students are taking out way more than they need in student loans? How much do you have and what are your tips for avoiding them/keeping costs down?
Am I doing this right? Feedback is appreciated.
I'm 21 and saved up about 10k, any suggestions? (CA)
Where are my student loans at?
Have money on CC... Do I keep paying min. payment or still use but pay off the amount used?
Why are IRA's and 401K's so popular?
I'm 17.  I have $25000 in a savings account and I make $300 (10 hours a week) a week.  How do I make my money make money? (Canada) 
Should I pay off my student loan?
Index funds in a 401k...are they a bad idea?
Parent having difficult times, doesn't seem to ever end, when is enough enough?
Changing banks, suggestions?
What to do with graduation money? 
How has your year been?
should i go ETF or index mutual for investing ~$10,000 for 1-2 years?
want to invest $10,000--should i go ETF or mutual fund?
Is 4 too many? Should I cancel one? (Credit Cards)
I have the money saved to buy a car with cash. Should I finance anyway?
When you get money, where does it go?
Haven't had an installment loan since 2006. Will that hurt my credit score in the future?
Should I refinance my mortgage?  
Buying A House With No Money Down – What Are My Options?
Loans from not your bank? Question from a non-military USAA member.
[US] Any ideas as to why my TransUnion dropped significantly in the past 10 months when nothing has changed?
Friend's parents took money out from their IRA to pay off their daughter's student loans. Now they are being hit with $30,000 in taxes on this new 'income.' Is there any way out of this for them?
What to do with $7,000 cash while in law school?
Accounts in collections, how much to offer?
May get a job halfway around the country for $15k more a year, but we have no cash, $10k in debt, and a home worth less than what we owe. What should I do?
Got an offer from ETRADE on Facebook IPO.  Is this worth considering?
In a month I am going to begin working as a private contractor. What should I know about taxes/deductions?
Difference Between a 401K and a 457?
Withdrawing from a ROTH IRA?
Have a high interest rate loan out on a car right now, looking to trade it in for a new car and obtain a lower interest rate on the new car. Will this work and is it advisable?
Would USAA or Schwab be a good bank if I'm looking to get a debit card with cash deposits every now and then or should I find a credit union instead?
Paid off my car, what should I do with the extra money every month?
Paid off Mortgage - Now What?
I'm helping some PF-challenged friends - advice on the advice I'm planning to give?
Sticking to a budget - Tips?
I don't like living Paycheck-to-Paycheck, help me improve my money management to promote better habits?
Savings secured loan to pay higher interest rate student loan?
Pay down mortgage or save for kids college fund?
Mileage Card?
I made a personal cash flow forecast tool and wanted to share. Any suggestions for improvement?
Check carbon copies?
New job; how to pick 457 provider(s)?
What is the best Credit Card to earn Frequent Flyer miles?
Does defaulting on a larger loan hurt your credit 
more?
What do you wish you would have known about personal finance before moving out on your own for the first time? 
Is it true that unpaid parking tickets and/or moving violations (if unpaid) will affect my credit score? 
How to send life savings overseas (exchange currency)?
This article on the likely exhaustion of a key Social Security funds three years earlier than expected barely got any attention on other subs. How are you protecting your long term financial health in light of this data?
How much should I request to increase my credit limit? Should I get a new card?
Want to pay off car loan early but don't have much extra $$ -- Advice? (US)
Best thing to do with daughter's cash?
Former apartment manager erroneously reported a 'debt'. I didn't find out until now, 4 years later, is there anything I can do?
Curious question: whats the difference between apy and aer (UK) or is there one?
Maxing out my IRA and 401k -- set it and forget it? Don't think about retirement again until I'm old?
Will I be able to refinance my car loan?
401k for non-us citizens?
How much money should I take out for my last year of out of state grad school?
I have good credit but need a cosigner for an auto loan? Huh?
I have no student loan debt but I want to continue my education.  How do I not get screwed?
Is there someone that can help me convince my wife's teachers union that their 457/403 options suck?
Anyone know of a solid credit card with a decent reward program and reasonable to no annual fees?
I'm a 22 year old freelancer with no debt - how do I save for a house?
Can you bargain with a Credit Card Company?
How much does credit score impact the loan rate once you are above 700?
Student with about $25,000 in my chequing/bonds. Can I get some savings account advice? [Canada]
College student with relatively dim post-grad job prospects. Do I work hard and hope to attain a decent salary in the future, or try to switch to a more lucrative career path?
How much of a raise should I ask for as a salaried employee?
Rolled my 401k over to a Traditional IRA.  Can I withdraw money from it?
Credit Card Debt Consolidation?
Where did you open a savings account and why?
Anyone interested in creating a database of home &amp; auto loan rates vs. credit scores?  It'd look something like this (pic)
[Student] Going to school in the fall, whats my best way to plan my educational expenses?
I have two rewards cards but only want to use one.  Southwest Rapid Rewards vs. Capital One No Hassle ?
best android expenses tracker? (for cash purchases)
Irrevocable Trust - Grandparents' Alternative to 529?
Excess in Savings: Invest alone or pay off school loans and invest the rest?
Friend wants to borrow $7400 with 19% interest over 2 years.  Thoughts?
What is a rule of thumb for valuing investment property as function of rent?
How to People Save for Retirement?!
I am a contractor making 93,600 (gross) a year and the company has offered me 72,000 plus stock options to bring me on full time. Is this a good deal?
Chase pulling my chain?
My major is useless!  How do I fix my credit?!
Summer COOP, how do I lower my tax withholdings?
Student Loans: pay it all now; increase payments; just pay minimums?
What is the deal with the 'We buy houses fast.' signs that are posted everywhere?
I successfully disputed a charge my dentist attempted to pass on me (he overcharged for a few fillings).  Now they keep sending me the bill and claiming it will go to collections.  How do I handle this?
I see a ton of posts about improving your credit, but what do you all think of Dave Ramsey's Total Money Makeover?
I'm feeling really stupid tonight and was never really strong on compound interest so would somebody reality check me on this?   My mortgage rate is 4.32%   Therefore, and extra paid towards just the principal is equivalent to an investment that returns 4.32%   Is that right?
Working abroad as contractor, should I get a credit card to pay for expenses?
How to pay off student loans?
Is a 401k still a good idea if I don't intend to retire in the US?
Can my father stop Sallie Mae from garnishing his bank account? (He only has SS income below 750/month)
How long should I wait until paying off any balance I may owe on my credit card?
Graduating this June with a job with no credit. What credit card should I sign up for?
I just open sourced a small python program that automatically sends an email when any transactions are made on an account. I thought some of you might find it interesting/useful?
Charter One Bank changed my overdraft protection preferences without notifying me beforehand; are they allowed to do that?
I want to pay off 24,000 of student loans in a year - good idea?
Can I afford to move out? (Scotland, UK)
Non resident accounts in Europe/outside of my country? (SPAIN)
I'm 23 with a 15 month old daughter. I make $11.30 an hour. How do I even BEGIN to start to save?
$1M Margin at 2% for $100K -- When does it make sense to take it?
I just got a job but have lots of debts and upcoming expenses. What should I do with the money?
How do I stop being poor?
I have student loans with Sallie Mae and looking to consolidate into one loan.  What questions should I ask loan companies when looking into their consolidation program?? 
Anyone beat 90%?
Can I get some advice? I am about to refinance my (underwater) house. We will have 300-350 a month in savings because of this. What should we do with the saved money each month so that it grows over time and can be relatively liquid?
Why do we tell young people to get credit cards in order to build credit?  Real advice or an urban myth?
Taxes on options gains?
Came a long way. What's my next step?
Is credit utilization per card, overall credit limit, or both?
Can getting a PhD be worth the 6-ish years of delayed/lost income?
What affects your credit score the most?
Almost done saving for my emergency fund. How to tackle the next year?
I'm in the US and I owed money in taxes this year, but the federal government still hasn't taken it out of my account. What should I do?
Mutual fund investments dropped in value after the JP Morgan news. What to do?
Question on closing or consolidating a card?
A debt collector has frozen my bank account. What should I do?
Fixing my mother's screw-up?
You have $325k in cash, you want to buy a $400-500k house with less than $2k/mo mortgage payment.  What do you do?
Late on credit card (3 months) but starting job soon, best route?
What Rewards Credit Card should I get if I wanted to build towards a trip to Europe?
I just got my first real long-term job. What do I do with my money? 
Are there any good free online resources or tutorials for learning about personal finance?
Choosing between traditional mortgage or FHA and how to raise my credit score 3 points in 2 months?
What do you think about long term financial planning vs possibility of global economical crisis?
Currently paying about $105 a month in federal income tax. What risks do i run when if i decide to withhold that? 
Incoming Bonus from Job (5-10k) Ideas?
Where should I put my money?
This is my current situation... what can I do better?
Could someone please explain to me what happened here? Is this normal or should I call Vanguard up to see if someone's been messing with my 401K? 
How to save money in college? 
Why should I use a direct bank instead of a branch bank, aka ING Direct vs Wells Fargo?
My dad hasn't kept up with his life insurance and now we're realizing the policy has now gone to shit. What do I do?
New to credit cards. What's the best method to build credit?
best savings account?
Canadian Ex-Student thinking of running away from over $30k in student loans; advice?
How much does buying a rental property affect credit score for purchasing a personal home?
Quitting my job, best thing to do with my 401(k)?
Reward points/cash - Anyone got a neat way out how to incorporate this things in your budget?
My spouse and I are going to sell out house and move into a cheaper one.  What are some good tips and best practices to make it flow smoothly, and how can we avoid paying 2 mortgage+heat+telecomm bills for a month?
Why can't you open just a checking account, why a checking/savings combo?
Considering making my first big purchase (a motorcycle).  How should I go about it?
Car Loans, Safety Nets, Investments...?
What's the most politically progressive brokerage firm to use?
Roommate wants to pay me to cash his check for him, is this dangerous?
Going abroad for ~6 months. What's my best option?
How Trustworthy Is Your Charity?
Copper penny hoarding, as an investment, is apparently a thing. WHat do you guys think?
Is Municipal Credit Union a good credit union for me?
New job, old 401k, new 401k or IRA?
What is the best open source, free, personal accounting software available? 
Medical debt looming above me, lost and confused as to what to do... help?
3 months emergency savings achieved. Is now the time to focus on student loans or pad savings to 6 months?
Want credit but am just starting first job out of college...chicken &amp; egg problem?
Can someone explain the purpose of Regulation D?
Which of Etrade's Comission-free ETFs are worth buying?
Use credit or savings for bathroom repairs?
Buying a house for tax savings... how much will I save?
Just bought a car and now the dealer needs to change the loan. What sort of position am I in?
Graduating college soon with full-time job. How do I learn to invest, save, and build wealth?
Should I Pay off Student Loans or Risk it in the Market? 
Pay off portion of student loan while still in college or use the money to buy a used car when lease expires?
question: I was fired from job, 401K options such as rollover or leave idle?
My mother is on Social Security Disability. She will get some cash over $50 from the bank after her house goes through short sale. Does she need to report this to the Administration? (Details inside.)
How do I pick a private student loan?
If I get this question (on CSMonitor's "Can you manage your money? A personal finance quiz.") wrong, I'm blaming you guys.
Any self made millionaires here?
Multiple revenue streams?
Should I go further into debt to make a lot more?
Does a company credit card do anything for your credit score?
How big is your emergency fund?
Does PayPal affect your credit score?
What should I do with my stocks?
UK Santander took unfairly from bank charges, should I take the 50% settlement???? 
Does opening a second Roth IRA make sense here?
Does anyone else feel like they're stuck? (Let's share some *different* ideas.)
Help out a clueless beginner?
Refinancing mortgage, worth it? A few scenarios
Could someone give me advice if this is a good allocation for a mid-20's 401k plan?
Traditional IRA - how do they determine your tax bracket?
How bad is it to have a dividend portfolio in an unsheltered taxable account?
Got a student loan with Citi? You may want to check your account. "Undetermined" amount of accounts inadvertently put in "default" status, and about to written off.
$15K CC Balance, and I need to find a new card and/or transfer?
Have the opportunity to refi and save a lot of money, but is now a better time than, say, 3-6-9 months from now?
Where can i go for a loan?
Is a debt consolidation loan worth it?
Got married recently. Wife just moving to US, unemployed. Should I be doing anything different regarding taxes (USA)?
Anyone have know how to evaluate these funds?
Question about Roth IRA. Any advice?
Just out of curiosity who bought in FB?
Can only contribute to 401k after 1 year of work. Alternatives?
How do you know you will have enough for retirement (Retirement Planning &amp; Analysis)??
How do you budget for SO with bad habits? 
Moving to Canada, need new credit cards- what do I do with my old ones?
How do I need to have a year's worth of salary saved by the time I am 30?
I have a checking account and a 401K. What else should I do with my money?
401k vs. Roth IRA...which is better?
Federal/Military peeps:  Roth TSP...too good to be true?
Any tips on getting Health Insurance for my wife (US)?
Taking a Student Loan as a Post-Graduation Resource?
How much do I need to save to move from Florida to California?
How to pay to principal after paying your monthly payment? Student loans through Nelnet
Over-pay or save?
Should I use credit to buy an expensive airplane flight?
How do you make large purchases (several thousand)?
What are the rules regarding filing for bankruptcy and student loan money?
Amex blue cash everyday Vs. Chase freedom ?
What is your "supplemental income"?
TD Canada customer moving to Connecticut - how do I take my money with me? (CA/US)
Repair credit / credit repair companies?
need a little help getting started.
I'm going to europe for a month in july for a holiday, should i convert my aussie dollars to euro now or wait ?
New job, declined the 401k... What do I do with the $1,000 in my old one?
Is it a good idea to switch from a bank to a credit union?
Graduated college over a year ago, have a steady job, should I keep doing what I'm doing?
Credit dinged from fraudulent account that was sent to collections - how do I fix this? (USA, Georgia)
Which credit card offers the best frequent flyer program?
Roth is fully funded for the year, should I contribute to an unmatched 401k or a taxable account?
How does divorce effect credit scores?
Take out loan from 401k to pay off credit card debt?
Girlfriend needs a co-signer - how can I help?
Any investors here have experience with Triplex or Fourplex? Looking for advice.
Starting a 401k in my late 20s? Retirement nest egg possible or doomed to manning the doors of Walmart?
(USA) Looking to start an emergency fund, is my idea sound? Also, is my understanding of retirement funds also sound?
To pay off student loans?
Do you have any financial advice? Extra income, not sure what to do after I've already applied the common advice. (xpost from AskReddit)
How are families of five or more able to thrive on one salary?
Mint counts my emergency fund as cash, making free cash seem deceivingly high. Way to correct this?
Canadians, what is your stance on Consumer Proposals?
What would you do?? 23 years old, employed, 10k in IRA, large inheritance, own part of home. 
Is there any harm in lying about my income to a credit card company to qualify for a 0% intro rate?

22y/o questions: taxes, investing in stocks, and general finance/investing advice?
Dealing with Zombie Debt collection... how should I proceed?
Help on buying a car? Please? I love you?
Can I afford to take a year off from work / have a low income for a year?
I can't, what, where? Fantasy land. I am out of the hole... do I go back in?
What do you think of the long-term prospects for real-estate?
What are some of your costs of living? I need a number to work up to.
Diversify into real estate?
Should I consolidate my 401k?
What is a good credit card for someone with no credit?
Capital One Aspire World MasterCard? [CA]
(US)How did I do on my budget?
When is it beneficial to defer some loans in order to pay off others?
How long do I keep my lousy Capital One entry-level card?
Hey NYCers, what does your budget allocation look like?
Planning to invest in college?  Consider these facts.
Is it possible to put a car down payment on a credit card for the bonus points, assuming I have the cash to pay it off immediately?
Is a separate savings account necessary?
529 account, can I do this?
Should I not contribute to my 401k and invest elsewhere? 
How to minimize tax (44%) on an Inheritance IRA?
Should I sell my deceased grandfather's classic car?
Forgoing a 401k (21y.o., 70-90k salary)?
I just bought my first car out of state and did not pay taxes on it. What should I do to make sure my own state/county gets the tax money without any trouble?
19 yo, Roth IRA good idea?

Where to go next to improve my situation?  Help reddit!
How do you Roll Over your 401k From a Previous Job to a retail broker account?
Any 529 Plan Guru's out there? Which plan is best for me?
TransUnion credit report - why are they so difficult?
How to close my WF account without incurring additional fees?
Just opened an Ally savings account at 0.84%. Just found Barclay's is offering similar terms with 1.00%. Any harm in switching so soon?
Just learned my company is contributing 2.5% to my 401 and I am contributing 8%. Should I lower my contributions?
Any advantages to activating my Fidelity cash management debit card? 
Does the 401(k) work?
recent college grads, soon to get married - how should mortgage rates influence our savings?
Using credit cards for rewards vs. refusing to support big banks?
Starting first job soon... How to start using money wisely?
[USA] Married, 26-year-old couple, both "contract" workers. What do we do?
Pay off my car or continue saving for a house?
Best way to get a Predatory Auto Loan Refinanced? 20.5% ~13.5k balance, on ~30k year Wages.
"How to be Richer, Smarter and Better Looking than your parents" Anyone read this book, reviews?
Equivalent suggestions for non-Vanguard funds?
Double Entry on Credit Report, who do i pay?
What are everyone's thoughts on rewards credit cards? If you're looking for a new rewards program, the CIBC Aerogold Visa Infinite Card is welcoming new cardholders with 15,000 bonus Aeroplan Miles. (CA)
What are everyone's thoughts on rewards credit cards? If you're looking for a new rewards program, the CIBC Aerogold Visa Infinite Card is welcoming new cardholders with 15,000 bonus Aeroplan Miles. (CA)
No 401k matching, 80k in school debt. How should I handle this?
Getting married soon - WeddingFutures or other financial instrument registry?
Hey r/pf! 
I have 330 days left in the Military and I want to get on track and dominate my finances! Help me learn? 
At what point do I get out of ING?
Salary Raised, Higher Taxes...What to do?
It's best to learn when you're young, so what are some tips you might have that apply to me both now and in the future? [CA]
What type of home loan do I get?

Lease a car or buy? College student.
Received a replacement Credit card in the mail but didnt request for one.. should I be worried?
How would you invest ~$3,000 right now?
PF : What are your opinions on the Target Debit Red Card?
Best withholding calculator? 
Is it wise to pay off my mortgage?
How does paying off a credit card monthly (in order to avoid finance charges) work?
Paying down debt using some of my emergency fund?
Dealing with a spouse who doesn't want to make sacrifices?
How do I know if I should consolidate my loans?
Should I sell my car?
I am considering purchasing an investment property. Am I better off putting the extra monthly $ into an investment?
Do all these refinance and payoff decisions make sense?
In a mess of debt. What's the best strategy to pull myself out?
Repair or replace car?
Unmatched 401k vs. IRA?
How much do you spend on food overall each month? How can I work with my husband to spend more reasonably in this category?
What should I be doing with a chunk of $20k instead of letting it rot in savings or a CD?
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Is it a good idea?
I had a bad year in university. I owe the school over $3,000 from unpaid tuition, and I am still trying to find a job. What do I do?
Looking for advice on doing something smart with my money?
International personal banking (CA) (HU) (TH) (NL), etc. what to do?
Did anyone have a good way to compare rates on rental property refinance?
Should I consolidate my school loans?
I am 25, and don't have any credit history. I want to start building my credit, where do I start ? 
What is the best way to save for college for myself?
Emergency fund: high-interest checking or I-bonds + credit card benefits?
Any reason NOT to change a lower interest rate student loan to interest only?
I GOT A JOB!!! Now what? Crappy credit...lots of debt
I have around 15k in student loan debt (before interest), and about 8k in savings. Does it makes sense to pay 8k of my debt now? 
Is transferring a balance to a new limited-time 0% interest credit card a good idea?
Has anyone ever heard of custudentloans.org for private student loan consolidation?
Coach Bags at Costco?
Starting a new job.  Suggestions/feedback for my personal finance plan?
Getting $8K tomorrow, I'm 19, advice?
This may be the wrong subreddit for this question but I think it applies. Everyone talks about how Greece is in a tailspin. And I believe every crisis is an opportunity. What are ways I can financially profit from Greece's current economic status?
I want to be rich and I'm willing to sacrifice anything but my health. Tips?
I need a small loan (about $1100) to pay for a summer college course and the due date is coming up. Does anyone recommend any loan options?
What do you call your "fun money" account?
Combine rollover roth with an existing roth IRA?
Newb needs mortgage advice: Internet banks?
What's the standard advice for Canadians? Seems to be absent from the FAQ (CA)
Student Loans through Discover-a good idea? 
Is it a good idea to deposit money into an IRA even during a recession?
Daycare is killing me. What do you do?
Thinking about buying land.  What's the best way to pay for it?
Question Re: taxes and re-filing???
Looking to get a credit card. No real credit history. I plan on paying it completely off every month. What would be the best option for me?
Can you get a higher monthly payment auto lease, so your buyout will be less?
Increase 401k contribution or save for a down payment on a house?
The new vs the old BK laws? Time on CR?
EE bonds as Christmas gifts for past 20 years, what to do with them?
Suggestions for monitoring credit?  Ideas for building it?
Married filing separately - can we game the system a little? 2 home addresses vs. work address
Pay Off Part Student Loan Debt? (USA)
Are there some general rules of thumb for what % of your income to put towards certain types of expenses?
Federal Employee Retirement Plan Options: To use or not to use the new roth TSP option?
401k/saving or huge loans first?
What percentage of one's income goes where?
Does This Seem Right? [401(k) Distribution]
I'm 16 and plan on starting to build an investment portfolio. Any tips? (CA)
Business expenses as a tax write off? IE: Is this a good idea? 
Advise on buying a new (or not new) car? (Canada)
ROTH IRA, am I doing it wrong?
[UK] Did you know that your savings are protected up to £85k?
Is there actually any benefit to my credit if I use my oldest credit card (a $500 limit Discover) as opposed to just keeping the account open?
Any advice on creating a "set it and forget it" style retirement fund?
New I-bond rates: 0.00% fixed interest + 1.10% inflation.  Better to save with a bank/credit union?
Savings Bonds Use?
Looking for a new Credit Card with no prior credit history.  Help?
What kind of credit card is best for an undisciplined payer?
Recent college graduate who just landed his first job.  Should I try to build up six months of expenses in my savings account, or keep a smaller amount in my savings and focus on paying off a tuition loan?
Vanguard website question - how to start a second account that is not my Roth IRA?
"Allowances" for couples? Seems like a great idea, but so complicated...
Pay Collections back? (USA)
I just graduated and am starting a new job. Now that I'll have money coming in, how do I save for a house?
Prepayments reduced my monthly payment on fixed mortgage?
Money manager not performing - where should I go?
Which investment funds in my 401k should I enroll in?
I need a second income. I'm a developer. Any suggestions? Details inside.
Confusion over federal student loan terms change?
Starting out in a new career, should I put money into more liquid accounts than a 401k or IRA?
Am I on the right track? (403b vs 401k)
Do you want to save money on your medical bills?
How old are you and much do you have in your retirement fund?
Financially drowning and it's my own fault. Now how do I start the climb out of this?
Do I get underpaid?
How did you help your spouse start thinking about future expenses?
When reports say "Americans save 3% of their income" or "Chinese save 30% of their income" what are they referring to?
Opening IRA, grad school (possibly) in future. Traditional or Roth?
I make decent money, I've carefully budgeted and I still have no money. Any advice on how to change that?
Can anyone help me with education funds?
What are my options for getting my $8000 deposit back (CAN)?
I want to use $500k to secure an income. What should I do? (CA)
Roth IRA question: Can I transfer existing taxable brokerage holdings into a Roth IRA?
Ideally what % of my income should I spend on various monthly expenses: rent, cars, utilities, food, etc? 
At 21, I just got a birthday gift of $1500 in a Fidelity account. Any advice?
Is defrosting the freezer worth the trouble? No: 
(Canada) Any options for bundling my debt into 1 monthly payment? 
Little bummed out.  Denied for a 15k car loan.  Keep trying?
Advice on new car or repair?
What to do about store credit cards?
Gifted large sum for my student loans. How best to use it?
How do Secured Credit Cards Differ from Unsecured Credit Cards?
Charles Schwab online banking?
Selling a car to get a car with a lower payment?
Is adding "accident forgiveness" to a car insurance policy worth it?  First-time insurance buyer.
If you aren't in North America, what do you use instead of Mint?
What should I be doing with my reserve fund?
Deciding between refi options: reduce term and pay more (but lower APR), or reset the 30yr and pay less (still better APR than today)?
What's the catch on Regions high yield checking PFS account?
10k in debt across two credit cards. Worth getting a loan to pay them off and consolidate?
Is this a good pension strategy? (UK)
Skipping my 401k?
Are there downsides to balance transfers? (credit card debt)
Mortgage loan related question: When about to "lock in" your rate, do you get presented with at least 3-5 choices, instead of given 1 rate w/ 2 pts to pay in my case?
Itching curiosity here: Why does a mortgage brokerage company have to finance your fixed loan for the first month and then sell your loan to say, Wells Fargo, as opposed to just hooking you up with WF in the first place?
Question: What happens to your 401(k) plan when you get a pension?
Are Global Funds a Better Way to Get World-wide Stock Exposure? - WSJ.com
Can I Qualify for Secured Credit Cards?
Is there a way to contribute to 401(k) besides per paycheck?
Building a credit score under 18?
I am refinancing through HARP 2.0 and my bank wants to add themselves onto my condo's interior insurance policy.   Is that normal/customary?  Has anyone else experienced this trend?
Did I make a mistake leasing my car? 
what should i do with this money ?
Should I Keep My Whole Life Insurance Policy?
You're using Mint to track what you spend your money on, right?
Girlfriend will be graduating at the end of the year with student loans we want to pay off ASAP.  Anything you guys can see in my budget to prepare for that?
Anyone else with DirectED loans get this e-mail?
The US Government's Single Largest Asset Is STUDENT LOANS?! - Business Insider
Besides Mint what do you use?
Cash back credit card and high interest savings account?
How bad is is 3 lenders checking your credit report?
Credit card applications. How many is too many in a given span of time?
Please help me with car advice I don't know what to do?! (US)
$15,000 scholarship that I won't need to touch for two years, best course of action? [CANADA]
My SSN, bank information, and all personal information is compromised.  Now what?
So I just started my first full time job. How can I get my monthly savings to work for me? (CA)
Is it time to try stock-picking? (Already doing 401k and CO stock plan)
Does anyone have a second job? 
Could someone give me some advice please?
Worried About Spending? Focus On What REALLY Matters! (And It's Not The Small Stuff!)
(CA) First full-time job out of university, how to I manage and save my new income?
Pay off a majority of wife's student loans or keep for a downpayment on a house?
If I die, what happens to the money in my bank account, 401K, online brokerage account, etc.?
I'm making more with my savings account at my bank than with my investments - is this normal?
I work a full time job during the day. Occasionally overtime is offered, but when it isn't, I have nothing to do. Does anyone know any good ways I could earn money in my spare time?
I started at Roth IRA in April.  What happens if my gross annual income transcends the ceiling of 125k?
Just graduated from college, got a job, and now I'm not exactly sure how to allocate my money?
The S&amp;P 500 has only gone up around 30% over the past 10 years!  Tell me again why I should invest in the stock market?
Buying/leasing new car as a gift?
Will going into a branch and personally asking for an increase on my cc be more successful?
Could someone help me get my finances in order?
Should we cash out our RRSP to pay for consumer debt and a major renovation? (CA)
Loan Repayment Advice?
(US) Is it worth it to pay cash for a home vs taking out a loan? 
Can I be sued for a 6 year old debt?
Any experience with mortgage companies listed in bankrate.com?
Just got my first CC, do I just pay until "minimum payment" is met?
If 401k contribution is optional, where should the money go for maximum growth?
Should I sell my car to pay off debt? 
[Help, USA] Trouble with car insurance customer service. Any advice?
Best travel rewards card? 
Was considering switching to an online bank which to choose?
Where can my Mum gain some basic, practical knowledge? (NZ)
Is a credit card debt consolidation loan a good idea?
Credit scores while applying for apartments. Help?
Life insurance?
How much car insurance coverage do I need?
I recently opened an amazon/Chase card with no fees and variable 1-3% back on purchases.  The interest rate is crazy high (+/-30%) but I always pay immediately after purchase to avoid any interest.  Any similar card  no fee cards I can use to grow credit?  Thanks!
Repost from r/askreddit -- $30k in debt. I see everyone around me doing debt settlement and getting an easy bye. It has me thinking about biting the bullet, not paying at all, and "ruining" my credit. Looking for sound advice... Suggestions?
How Much Money Should You Save For A Rainy Day? Planet Money : NPR
Recent College Grad, Never Had Credit Card, Building a Secure Financial Future?
Is a 6 month emergency fund really appropriate for a young person in good health, good job security, no debt, and the option to fall back on his parents for support?
[US] Financial about to change drastically for the better. How best to manage?
Any doctors or lawyers have advice about paying off 6-figure student loans?
College grads are drowning in debt right now. Should we do our part to avoid propagating the idea that anyone who lives with their parents is a loser? In cultures like Japan it is common to have 3 generations in the same house.
Emergency fund in a Roth, iBond, or bond index fund?
Are variable rate loans EVER a good idea?
I'm not sure what exactly "earned income" is. Can somebody explain to me?
Is it normal for Capital One to tell a new customer that they need to fax in a copy of their social security card in order for them to activate the card?
College student looking to get into the stock market. Any tips?
What is a good 401k payroll deduction for a 25 year old making $37,000? 
What is an eligible school in the legal language of loans?
(US)210K at 3.5% 30-yr fixed. Should I keep shopping?
What is the best way to manage the money I make this summer for college next year?
Is a brick and mortar or an online bank's savings account an okay place to put a large amount of money until I can move around portions of it? 
Credit Card Fraud and Credit Score?
Employer gives 50% contribution up to 4% on 401k. Where should I put  the remaining income I dedicate towards investments?
Private Student Loan Consolidation - Variable vs Fixed?
Credit Cards: Where Do You Fit In?
30, no savings, going to grad school. What now?
"Potentially negative" items (2 closed cc's, 1 collection that was paid) on my credit report.  Anything I can do?
Any /r/personalfinancers own Silver or Gold?
12K in Vanguard 403b.  No longer employed by firm that established the account.  How can I cash it out? 
I jointly hold an account with my Mother. Does she have to gift me 150K for a down payment on a house, or can I just withdraw it from our jointly held account as if it were mine? 
How long before applying for a new credit card?
How do state taxes work for traditional 401k accounts? If you earn the money in a state with income tax, then move to a no-income tax state in retirement, what is your state tax obligation for withdrawals?
Is it crazy to take on $1m of debt right out school to increase lifetime income and wealth?
Advice needed: I'm seen as a "contractor" at my job and they're not taking anything out of my paycheck. How much do I need to set aside for taxes?
No debt, decent sized savings. Now what? And is there such a thing as too much savings?
Will asking for an increase in credit on my credit card lower my credit score?  
Planning on going to Med-School, how intensely should I focus on paying off my current student loans? 
[Canada-QC] What is my best plan of action to consolidate 2 credit cards worth of debt and get to paying it down at a low interest rate? (details inside)
Credit Card or Car Loan?
I just opened an HSBC online savings account, and they immediately cut the interest in half. Should I bother moving?
What does PF think of MotifInvesting? Is "idea investing" comparable to index fund investing?
I have a CD that has a poor excuse of an interest rate. Any other tips on where to put the money?
Just recently bought a home; I will rent out the extra space to someone else; any advice to avoid financial pitfalls or advice for taxes?
(Canada) I bought something online and it's defective. Now the company wants me to pay to return it ($20 shipping to their return address) plus pay 15%. Dispute the charge?
Can you move money from one Vanguard mutual fund to another without paying taxes or do you have to pay capital gains on the sale before you purchase the new one?
I'm self-employed. Does it make sense for my partner and I to buy a house in my particular case, and would the bank even look at us?
Where to keep your emergency fund?
Any stories of successful (or unsuccessful) investments which have yielded a good return? 
Is American Share Insurance (ASI) Safe?
I got some unexpected advice from my parents today - they told me to consider raising my budget for rent.  Are they right - am I being too frugal / unrealistic?
Now that Genius is on EvilGeniuses do you think Slayers-EG will dominate the GSTL?
What to do from now?
Commission Only:  Just received my first pay check of $30,000.  What should I do with it?
(Canada) Keep our money in a Polish account, or cash out before possible European bank collapse?
Looking to save for a house. Are there any good personal finance practices I should be following in the (UK)?
Is it possible to 'tag' certain portions of your savings for various uses? (CA)
What effect does paying off a loan early have on your credit score?
Planning on opening my first TFSA and RRSP and following the couch potato model. Do I invest the same way in each account? (CA)
I have been using Quicken Deluxe for over a decade to manage my finances, and I have investment data going back to the mid-1990's.  Is it worth maintaining this data on a regular basis?  
How does a personal line of credit affect one's credit score?
Are sites like Mvelopes safe? 
Finding good tax advice?
Should I contribute to paying off my student loans as quickly as possible, or save for a down payment on a house?
Best Place to Store $5000?
Employer contributes 10% to 401k no matter what. Should I hold off on making my own contributions and pay down some debt?
Started first job out of school, how to save some money wisely?
Which first, student loan debt or IRA?
Homeowners, How much do you budget annually for home repair?
Are there any options to build credit as a 17 year old?
Where to keep my emergency fund?
In California and I want to accept donations for upkeep of an online community. Accountant recommendations?
I've come across 45K, not enough to buy real estate in my city. Where would you invest, instead?
I have 6 months gross in savings.  Where should I be investing this money?
Buy a car new or used if I plan to drive it to its death?
Tips on starting a checking account?
Budgeting - Part 1: Where to Start?
Any reason for this bank fee?...
Should I attack student loans or save? (x-post from financialindependence)
How much should I be spending on rent? Just starting out on my own.
Should I wait til I am married to buy a house?
How much should I spend on rent?
(NL) With the eurozone becoming less and less stable, what ways should I consider to safeguard my money? (xpost from trueaskreddit)
Could I please get some help choosing funds for my couch potato portfolio (CA)?
Anyone else use a magic number? (% of take-home pay)
Should my wife and I buy a house or rent an apartment?
When to get another car?
How bad of an idea is it to withdraw from retirement savings to quit my job and go travelling? (CA)
Do I need to file taxes?
Where should my 401k YTD return % be this time of year?
What do you do with leftover money?
Anyone on this sub feel hopeless?
I'm going interrailling around Europe for 25 days in a few weeks time. What is the most cost effective way to transport my money?
Worth the credit hit to open a second line of credit?
Money magazine, the economist, or? (US)
Will this build my credit? Reddit please debunk this. 
Any way to get out of exorbitant rising CDD fees?
This is where I stand and this is my plan so far, what do you think?
New job, Nationwide 401(k) as provider. Do I shoot myself now?
Pay Your Mortgage off Early?
How can I get rewards points for paying my mortgage ?
CC company offered debt 'settlement' what to do?
Advice on dealing with a graduation present?
Ideas for Fidelity portfolio?
Liquidated Mutual Fund?
got lucky.now what ?
I asked for an increase in my line of credit but got shot down? (CAN)
Renting out rooms in your rented house?? worth it?
Year out of college, making tons of on-time loan payments, is there any reason to have a credit card if I don't need short-term loans?
Self employed and house worth 15k less than I owe. Can I refinance my mortgage?
Whats your personal experience with reward credit cards? Give me all the details, I can probably research it, but more interested in personal expierience...
Should I rollover my 401(k)?
Thoughts on my personal finance marital problem?
How can I cash a foreign check here in the US?
Best Offshore E-broker?
Funds besides emergency fund?
Can I subtract student loan payments from my taxable income?
I'm 26 and my 401(k) is 100% allocated to stable value.  My co-workers tell me I'm insane.  Am I?
Husband got job offer; Should he accept it? The salary is less than he makes now, but a lot of stock is in the offer. 
So, I'm planning to save some money. What's the best place to put it?
Used auto loan, any tips for rates?
How can I Get Copies of My Annual Credit Report?
How to calculate loan payment with gaps in between?
I'm looking to open two additional credit cards to improve my credit in the long term- should I space these out or sign up for both at once?
Does the act of applying for a student loan affect my credit score?
Getting a small loan to pay off a collections account?
My 'Stepdad' just performed his best f*ckup and now we are financially screwed, what are some avenues my mother can take to fix the situation? (Xpost r/askreddit)
I have index funds in tax advantaged accounts for retirement. What do I do differently to save for a house? (CA)
Possible for Individual to Diversify Savings into Basket of Currencies?
How many countries offer Lottery Bonds and which offers the highest approximate interest rate? (UK)
What is a good book for newlyweds with little to no debt? 
My company does not offer matching on their 401k.  Should I consider a Roth IRA instead?
Are mortgages covered by state SOL on debt collections?
College Geophysics student married to a PharmD student, is there any possible financial breaks on our end? 
College Geophysics student married to a PharmD student, is there any possible financial breaks on our end?
How can we create a monthly budget to account for 10-month teacher pay?
The Canadian Couch Potato TD E-series model portfolio contains 4 index funds. Since inception over 10 years ago 2 have lost money. Why are they recommended?
Little Help?  Debt collection validation letter response, now what?
Long shot... My wife was entitled to an undermined amount of money(trust fund? related to the death of her mother) from her grandmother when she turned 18. She only got part of it. Where do we begin?
How much do you budget for subscriptions (newspapers, magazines, etc.)?
[x-post from AskReddit] Can someone reassure my gifted wife that we're okay financially? (NL)
Is it better to pay off my low interest loan early or start saving for a down payment for a house?
Refinancing home - should I take out additional equity to purchase company stock at discount?
When will savings accounts go back above ~1% ?
Any way to front-load dependent care FSA contributions to hit $5k earlier in the year?
Any tips for someone trying to clean up their credit to buy a new house?
I just turned 18 and my mom wants me to get my own credit card. Should I?
Cheapest way to refinance a mortgage?
Making it, but barely. Advice?
My credit union wants to become a mutual savings bank.  What does this mean for me?
iPad finance apps?
Got the emergency fund and IRA, what's next?
First Credit Card - can they change annual fees on you?
How concerned do I need to be about the lawsuit this debt collector is threatening?
I've got $18k in 5-year-old Adobe stock, should I diversify?
Just graduated and moved to new state: What "gotcha's" do I need to watch out for with so many changes all at once?
Anyone ever heard of LenderFi.com or AimLoan.com? Go ahead or stay away?
With the recent downgrading of major banks, will keeping my money in a credit union yield better results?
Tax Question: Can I count my boyfriend's contributions to the mortgage as "gifts?"
Do you have an EU bank account? Might want to watch this video | Greece's Lawyer: EU Bailout Will Cost Trillion Euros &amp; Cyprus Is Next
What do you guys thing of buying a franchise restaurant? 
(crosspost from r/frugal) Considering cashing in 401k (403b) to get rid of bad debt, after reading text, is it a bad idea?
r/personalfinance you have $500/month to spend/invest/save...what do you do with it and why?
Filing for Bankruptcy on my own. Where to start?
US Credit Card for exchange student?
Supporting your parents in their old age--have any of you had to do it? Any advice?
Just turned 18 and want to get my credit score as high as I can. Advice?
Does anyone remember a very length post on buying your first home?
How can I get ahead on my ROTC and student-related debt?
Recently denied a credit card, what do these mean?
My fiancee and I have no debt — how can we make our money work for us?
Does Equifax hate me or is this normal?
AmEx Blue Cash Everycard application denied...because I've been applying too much?
I know I've read on here that you should keep your first credit card to show the credit history but what if you never used it?
Does anyone have PERS as a retirement plan? 
How do I consolidate my student loans?

What are some offline resources for basic personal finance advice?
Anyone w/ Experience Opening a Home Daycare?
I'm a 17 year old high schooler and wishes to be more financially independent. Never worked in my life. How should I begin?
I am 20 years old and financially sound in college.  Should I open a Roth IRA with my summer internship money?  I want to set myself up for an early retirement and a solid financial life.
Does anyone know of any banks that still take in to consideration the fact that you have a lot of money in a CD with them when applying for a mortgage?

Loss of subsidized loan eligibility for graduate and professional students: I need to be able to prepare myself financially for this. Help?
What happens when my income exceeds the AGI limit for a Roth IRA?
cash in life insurance policy to pay student loan?
Moving into an apartment for the first time. Advice for saving money?
Thinking about withdrawing my Roth IRA for fun before I start working, how dumb am I?
What is a good first credit card?
My dad died a couple years ago and left an unused pension behind. Do my sister and I have any claim to it?
What type of bank account would you suggest?
Home warranties: good deal? Questions on its use inside.
Best place for a Roth IRA?
18 Year old, starting college in the Fall, advice on doing the right thing with a little chunk of change?
Index fund tips?
21 year old recent graduate with no job, any advice on opening my own business?
Saving for a house in 10 years -- where should I keep this money?
After this term, I will have some left over student loan money.  Is it smarter to return it, save it, or invest it in a CD or low risk stock?  
Draining 401k for first time home purchase. Good or bad idea? 
Good first credit card?
Already denied from several places, I'm looking for my first credit card.  Any help?
In 4 years I will inherit 750K+, how can I be responsible with a sudden increase in wealth?
Does Your Portfolio Have The Right Default Cost Basis Method?
Loans with 1% interest - you should make minimum payments while investing your extra money. Loans with 22% interest - you should throw all your extra money at them. Where is the line between these two extremes?
Should I reduce my 401(k) contribution and use the money to increase my student loan monthly payment?
(CA) I'm 18 and have roughly $12,000 sitting around that can go towards anything. At this point, I'm clueless as to what I should. Can anyone help me?
Visiting Europe this summer and thinking of the best way to convert my dollars. Credit card?
Living outside US, paying taxes once yearly as lump sum, where should I save it? 
Comparing investments: Rental, Stock/Options, Business, Gold, Other?
should I start a roth right now? age 20
Switching jobs. Should I just cash out my $3300 Defined Contribution Plan?
Fronting rent money to a friend/subletter. Help?
Incidental benefits to an excellent credit rating?
Does it make sense to trade in my car at this point?
What is the best way to take stocks that I have in a basic (taxable) investment account and move the value into a new Roth IRA at a different firm?
What to do with idle 401k's?
Why is my credit score not higher?


Had a first mortgage, owner-occupied (non-investment) loan locked in on 06/06/2012 for $448k. Lender charged me 2 points for origination fee @ 3.75%. My credit score is above 720 (764 to be exact). Did I get ripped off?
Wife started a new job 401k,403b,457b?
Parents looking to refinance mortgage and take some money out for house improvements; best resources to find a good rate?
What is a credit score and can I get one?
Roth with Vanguard?
Getting my first bank/CU and debit card. How much can I avoid unethical companies?
Is anyone concerned that Roth IRAs could be taxed differently in the future?
 Newly Married! How did the married people decide to do the finances?
Possibly the dumbest question ever: I have had 401ks, but...where are they now?
21 years old with a 750 FICO-- Any credit card recommendations?
Saving for retirement: should I contribute to both a 401(k) and a Roth 401(k)?
Giving my friend advice. Double check my reasoning?
This seems way too extreme for me (missing weddings??)
Should I take out my student loans to pay off my car loan?
50% up to 6% of my salary, what does that really mean?
Is there a financial institution with automatic portfolio re-balancing? Or a preferred/recommended financial institution?
About to inherit a decent sum of money, should I save it or pay off debt?
Pay off debt or try to save larger emergency fund in case I lose my job?
Being an authorized user is hurting and helping my credit.. what do I do?
Best way to shelter tax earnings in state pension?
Best method to track spending? (no mint). Look back at past 6-12 months spending? Can't seem to breakdown really where my money goes..
If a Canadian files for bankruptcy, are there any services that resemble credit cards so that they can make online payments and such?
What is the difference in opening a Vanguard Roth IRA that has a minimum $3,000 deposit and opening one with a Credit Union? 
Advice to get a small business up and running?
How do I teach financial responsibility to someone financially irresponsible?
Should I use a student loan to help pay off my credit card?
What percentage of your income do you consider disposable?
Is there a service I can pay to help rebuild my credit? Do paper work and hound the agencies to remove?
HSBC stopped autopayment on my GF's student loan without notifying her. What do? (US)
What's the rush to pay off student loan debt?
Why use a mortgage broker? Can they get better deals?
If you're expecting (reasonably) a large increase in pay, would taking out a longer loan be a good idea?
Home Equity &amp; Emergency Cushion over CC Debt payoff? Enlighten me. 
retirement accounts and taxable accounts combining portfolios?
How to determine if a newly married couple should file jointly or separately?
Is $30k of debt worth filing bankruptcy for?
Best way to use a credit card to build credit rating?
If you had no morals and didn't care about destroying your credit score, how could you gain? Could you borrow lots of money and declare bankruptcy?
I have 20k in savings. What is the best way to make this money grow?
Inheriting a house that is left to me and my 2 brothers. What is the best way to handle this?
What king of retirement will 1.5 million dollars in 30 years give me? I will be 55. 
Was in a car accident; not my fault, but still making payments on a loan. Question about refinance?
Most debt paid off, what to do about Credit Score?
Will I get penalized for this retirement money? (US)
Using a Financial Advisor? Their fee is 5% of what ever you invest... thoughts?
Some dude from the Fatwallet forums snapped and went "all in" with everything to his name, causing mass mayhem in the forum. Can somebody ELI5 what he did exactly?
Where can I Apply for an Unsecured Loan?
How does bankruptcy work?
Take out loans or spend more overall while draining savings getting my credential?
Advice for 403(b), Roth IRA, Roth 403(b) account allocation?
Homes that are burned down in Colorado without fire insurance and still under mortgage - who is liable for losses?
Hey Reddit financial advisors: I'm looking to switch careers, what's should I do while I'm going back to school if I'd like to become a financial advisor?
Can I afford to start paying off some of my student loans while in grad school?
Should I try to pay off this medical bill this year for the tax write off?
Buying a house - is a realtor necessary?
How can you rent with a bad Mark on your credit score from an apartment complex? Any advice please!
Thinking about taking out a 401k loan.  Has anyone done this?  Any advice?
I've been getting calls from a debt collector, what should I do?
Good idea or bad idea to contribute more than the company match to a 401k?
How to invest $300k?!? I need help
What types of companies in the U.S. still offer defined-benefit pension plans?
Debt Management Plans: Have you ever used one, and how did it go?
What are some great places to get tuition reimbursement for part time employees?
(CA) Hit bottom: no money, no income -- how can I make things the least destructive for me?
Bought with 3.5% down, 30y, 4.75%, 3 years ago...refinance?
Should I take out a student loan even if I don't really need it?
Please review my financial plan? Recent college graduate with no debt. 
dear PersonalFinace I have made a huge mistake. I bought a Expensive new car. What Should I do? 
Should I repay student loans? Or save for down payment on a Co-op?
What Should I Watch for when Applying for Secured Loans?
[UK] What to do with savings?

So I'm 23 years old, living in the UK. I landed myself a pretty nice job out of university, and am making a decent wage.

[UK] What to do with savings?
Switching Jobs - Go To Vegas For A Week And Blow All Your Savings, Or Do Boring [Smart] Things?
2 condos to 1 house ? [x-post from r/realestate]
Should I roll 401k to Roth or Traditional IRA?
Contribute 100% to 401k and "pay myself" by liquidating a taxable account?
This cartoon makes a good point about our modern obsession with credit and idea of ‘worth’. 
What does it mean to be middle class in today’s world?

I want to invest like I couch potato but I want more risk than a 60/40 split. What should my asset allocation be? (CA)
Paid off a credit card after a few years being in minor debt, what should I do with the account now?
Small investment tips for a young man?
Where can I cash Euro Traveler Checks in the US?
Is a 401(k) hardship withdraw right for me?
Hey guys. Seeking advice: Exactly how bad of an idea is this?
(UK) What would actually happen to me if I moved to a different and left my 'career development loan' unpaid?
How does one build a good credit score?
Subsidized loans: does interest accrue if you take one out during the Summer session before Fall?
Simple Budgeting Spreadsheet? 
I'm a high school graduate and with scholarships have no problem with Tuition. Where should I put my money? 
Optimizing my credit score; should I kill accounts?
It's the end of Q2 2012. How's it going?
Credit Card Manage a Trois?
How do I accurately track my tax-deductible healthcare expenses on my personal finance spreadsheet?
Need to open credit card, what is my best option?
Inherited a commercial property:  Talked to a realtor who said they charge 6% of the sale price.  That seems absurd.  Any good resources to sell it myself?
What's the deal with investing?
Does anyone here own royalty interest in any commodity or product? How does one go about buying royalty interests? (US)
Favorite Mutual Fund or ETF?  Why?
Re-Fi Student loan debt with low-interest credit-card?
(UK) What would actually happen if I did this?
Choosing your next credit card?
Best place for housefund to use in ~3 years?  Or should I snowball my student debt?
Is YNAB worth the $60?
Inherited Commercial Property: Talked to agent who said he charges 6% commission.  Anyone use an agent to sell property before?
21 years old.  I own a coffee shop. 20k. What should I invest in?
Trying to pay off credit card; use extra cash to buy groceries or pay more toward the credit card? 
Would it be a good idea to put less money down and pay more interest?
USA - I am in a desperate situation.  Help?  xpost from AskReddit
Quitting my job - what's going to happen (and what should I do) with my 401(k)?
My GF just received a notice from a collection agency for a Dr. bill from last April.   What exact steps should I take?
Confused about rebalancing. Isn't it only buying low but not selling high?
Where should you keep your savings for a down payment for a house? (CA)
Let's say I'm going to be in a situation for an entire year where I am making money and don't have to spend anything on basic needs. What should I do to grow my money during that year?
Gas card. Yay or Nay? 
When should I apply for a credit limit increase now after starting new job? (CA)
I'm a college student saving money from a summer job. Is there a reason to put this in a retirement account if my employer doesn't match it?
Is there a rule of thumb for what % of your income your car should cost?
19yo Australian in debt. Can I have some advice?
Eligible for 401k in 1 year. What should I do with my "contribution" until then?
Would this work? Cooperating to get to a 20% downpayment sooner. 
Downsides of Postponing Student Loan Payments?
21y/o - Beginning investment advice please? Unmatched401(k); traditional/Roth IRAs; CDs
Beginning investment advice please? Unmatched 401k; IRA/Roth IRA; CDs
Mid-twenties, no credit, can't even get approved for a savings account. What gives?
What do you guys think of Dave Ramsey?
How can a young person buy a house?
What does your spending by category look like?
What do you think of the money views of Tom Leykis?
Best way to start an emergency fund?
What are the benefits of getting married?
Is buying a condo smarter than renting? 
Maxing out 401k and IRA will get you millions of dollars in retirement -- is this really all it takes? Why aren't more people millionaires?
Worth it to have a 1hr (each way) work commute in order to buy a cheaper house?
What Are Skymiles Credit Card Offers?
Is pursuing a Financial Engineering career in this post-
Recession economy worth it in the long run?
20 years old, working two jobs and considering going back to school full time. What would be the smart thing to do?
What would you do in this situation?
What exactly is an emergency fund? What exactly is an emergency?
If you have a good pension, should you still contribute to an IRA/401k? 
Setting up benefits at new job in California - help?
The average house in my city costs $600K. Does the average person really have $120K not earning any interest?
Home ownership out of state?  House in trust to me?  Trying to help my parents.
Decent income; awful debt; new parents. Where do we start??
Would you prefer 90k in savings at 31 and renting an apt or owning a home (50k in equity) and 25k in savings at 29?
Where can I check my credit history and score?
How can I protect my savings from inflation?
Can asking about mortgage payoff options trigger something bad?
Massive financial scam recently revealed (Libor) [x-post from r/videos] - Thoughts?
Leave NZ$50,000 in a cd-ladder or send to US account?
(AU) High paying job in a town where there's no capacity to spend it. What do?
Mortgage pre-approval: Now or wait for re-score? (755 creditkarma), 710 myfico.com)
Credit Card for someone with bad/mediocre credit?
Supposed $20 outstanding balance turned to $1017 
after 90 days. Dentist never informed me about 
missing fees until now. I'm 19. How should I 
proceed?
Salary in Euro/Danish krone while living in Sweden. Exchange money now or wait?
Is it always appropriate to ask for more?  If so, *how* should I be asking?
I'm very confused. What's the best way to pay off my loan?
In school, in debt, living paycheck to paycheck.  Should I dump my retirement plan?
What to do with a cool million?
What is your personal opinion on prenups?
Necessary to list all items for insurance?
What type of account should I be looking to set up? (US)
Student loan question. Any benefit to keeping the low interest loans?
What percent of asking price should I reasonably expect to haggle down when buying a used car from an individual?
In conversation with a good friend, found out he finance 40k of student loans on a credit card. Told him he needs to speak to someone now...where should I point him?
Will the Libor scandal affect mortgage rates of my refinance?
Inherited stock, immediately sold it and bought index funds.  How do I determine my cost basis for taxes?
Went through a religious phase and stopped using credit cards to avoid interest based transactions. How do I get my credit in order?
What monetary compensation do you think is fair in exchange for 3 30-day late payments on my credit?
Bonds for my house downpayment fund?
New Job wants me to set-up an LLC to pay me...Does it matter which US State the LLC is set-up in?
How do you, personally, define retirement?
Denmark Slashes Rates 
to Negative 0.2% Silver Doctors - can 
anyone actually explain this?
Became victim of identity theft a couple of days ago.  Should I cave and get a credit card?
New Job, Lots of debt, and Trying to help situate my parents for retirement. Is my plan solid?
Is it possible to raise my credit score in a matter of days?
List of approved grocery stores for Amex Blue Cash? 
I'm lost. How did you start investing for your future?
Proper breakdown (bonds/equities) for a down payment on a house? 5-10 year outlook.
$200 in taxes taken out of each paycheck... and I'm a college student. Is this normal?
I need help with student loan debt. What are my options?(US)
How much do you put away per year for retirement?
"The Intelligent Investor" by Benjamin Graham - anyone here read it or try to apply its principles?
[USA] A family member is giving us an inheritance of $10k. We can invest or save it now but can't touch it until she passes. What do?
Can I afford this mortgage?
Can the federal government take your tax refund for student loan repayment if you are NOT in default?
(Student Loans) Pay now for less interest, or save for emergency fund?
Will putting $5 on my credit card per month build my credit as much as putting $100 on it?
soon to be unemployed - help?
Bond index fund for house downpayment (Canada)?
Is there any reason to put money into a Roth IRA or 401k when I still have student loans accruing interest?
How fast can I get out of $270,000 education debt?
Difference between ETF and mutual fund?

401(k) loan to pay off my mortgage?
I know everyone here loves Vanguard--what about Janus?
Little credit history, looking to buy a house. How can I raise my credit?
Upside Down in Las Vegas... what to do?
Securian. Anyone have any insight?
Tips for best utilization of a $500 limit credit card?
[Canada] No-fee chequeing accounts - ING Direct vs PC Financial?
r/personalfinance, can you help?
I am planning on getting rid of one of my credit cards for one that is more useful. How should I go about this?
Does closing a checking/savings account affect credit?
How much should I be paying to get out of cc debt?
Credit Score dropped 55 points for having another card?
Should I take from my savings to pay student loans?
Selling some stock soon, market or limit order?
Only plan to be employed for five more years. Is a 401k worth it?
What would be the best bank for me? (working 18 year old high school graduate)
Best Personal Finance App?
Help, anything I should know before I close my Wells Fargo checking account?
Line of Credit as an emergency fund?
Too many credit cards and what to do?
The standard advice for Americans is to open a Vanguard account. Who should Canadians open an account with?
Sure ETFs have lower MERs, but index funds allow you to dollar cost average by contributing regularly. Isn't that worth something?
I'm 21 years old, what should I be doing?
What about wills? (CAN, but let's have an open discussion for all)
So, credit cards. As long as you keep track of everything,Yes? No? Maybe never?
What is the best way to find a trustworthy independent financial adviser?
How should I pay the downpayment on my new house?  [options inside]
Half of my 401k is in my company's stock due to employer match.  Should/Can I move it?
I've had a CapitalOne Platinum card for about 5 months now and am considering calling to ask them to raise my credit limit. Any helpful advice or tips?
Retirement contribution increase w/o payrate?
Bank of Internet, what's the word?
Best Credit Union(s) in MD-DC area?
How does interest in a savings account work?
Utility company closed all customer accounts &amp; effectively erased my credit history. I'm supposed to be closing on my first home at the end of the month. What do?
Lower Retirement Savings, Put Money Into a College Savings Account Instead?
[Canada] How can I reduce total interest if I add my credit card debt to my mortgage?
Who to go to for help?
Credit Card Gurus: Card that transfers cash rewards to separate account or one that gives you a statement credit?
I've been offered a 5/1 ARM in lieu of an FHA loan. Would I be getting ripped off?  (Details inside)
Getting started with a Roth IRA - what are some sites where I can see long-term performance of top mutual funds?
Unavoidable short-term capital gains tax, any tips?
Favorite personal finance book?
My parents cut me off last moment. I need to take out $22,000 in student loans. How do I go about doing this, please help?
Giving a PF 101 Class, Any Ideas?
Can I spend my paycheck if it's a "pending transaction" in my checking account?
What is the best plan to get me out of debt?
Mortgage refi. Thoughts on ARMs?
Help me with my first credit card?
I have no clue what I'm doing with money...help?
I live in the US and I'm paid in euros, considering the possible downfall of the euro, what should I do?
Pay off mortgage w/in 2yrs or leave at remaining 7 yr term?
Just built a savings cushion...now what?
My student loans feel more like a psychological strain than a financial one. Does anyone else feel this way?
Mortgage refinance - worth it in my situation?
A mountain of student loan debt, a pile of credit card debt…and an opportunity. Reddit, what’s your advice?
Please Help me Reddit, apparently I got scammed and now the bank want to close my account, ruining my credit rating - how is that fair? (UK)
Please help me determine which of these 30 yr fixed mortgages represents the best value?
My boyfriend, our two cats, and I are moving back to America. How much money do we need to move and begin life elsewhere? Your advice will be greatly appreciated!

Can I create a Mutual Fund/Trust etc to manage my trading in a single account?
Is it worth it to leave my credit union and switch to bank? If so which one?
Just talked to my debt collector - they only wanted lump sums and didn't like my offer of $10. They recorded my case as a hardship and said they'd be in touch. What can I expect next?
Does Chase Freedom have Rental Car Coverage?
I'd really like to get a credit card to build some credit, but I don't have any credit. What should I do first?
Refinance Auto Loan - Is this a scam?
Which student loan to pay off first: higher-interest fixed federal or lower-interest variable private?
Vanguard Australia?
Why are creditors (CC company) so unwilling to negotiate?  Any tips on what to say/do when dealing with them?
How to Apply for Major Financial Aid Programs?
Trading in a car that currently has a loan backing it - what to expect?
Should I refinance my auto loan?
Dear r/personalfinance I maxed out 2 of my credit cards. Don't have a job, unemployment running out. How do I dig myself out of this hole?
Cash back Credit Cards: Do you redeem your balance towards every statement?
Now seems to be a good time to refinance my auto loan, as I have 37 months left (could refinance for 36).  Not sure if it would be worth it?  Any tips?
Employee pay vs Contractor pay. How much do I need to be paid to get ahead of my current pay?
Should I get the meal plan?
I'm applying for a credit card to offset business expenses and to earn rewards. Which should I go with?
Late 20's about 70k in the bank making about 33k a year... Can I afford a 100k-115k house?
I'm a US Citizen, and I live in Brazil with my wife.  My grandma just dies.  Am I subject to inheritance tax?
Should I contribute to my 401k even though my employer offers no match?
I'm a US Citizen, and I live in Brazil with my wife. My grandma just died. Am I subject to inheritance tax?
What's the "best" private loan to take out?
I have $2000 left on my CC.  Should I pay it off before refinancing?
Hey PF - Help Keep Me Accountable?
What does a $100 buy nowadays? 
Can calling to have my credit limit raised on all my credit cards at once negatively impact my credit score (with multiple credit-history pulls)?
What is your opinion of "UPromise?" A good way to help pay off student loans or a scam?
Santanna Energy- anybody have experience with this company?
Going over home finances/retirement.  Help?
I just got cut off from my family and I'm one year away from graduating. The city I go to school in is offering affordable housing for non-students. Is there any way they could catch me if I applied?
Can you pay just interest on a federal student loan while you are in school?
Currently in an apartment, wasting money on monthly payments.  What's my best plan of action to prepare to buy a house?
Is Buyers Advantage Plus for Citibank Credit Cards Worth $4.95 Per Month?
As a 17 y/o, what can I do to benefit my financial future?
Refinancing auto loans? Really?
What does your 6-month emergency fund look like?
Purchasing a new car. What's the better financial move: NEW vs USED?
Using home equity loan to pay off private student loan debt?
I've been approved for a couple CC's, plan on using 1, should I accept both?
What are the tax benefits/differences between a TFSA and a RRSP? (Canada)
Is it safe to borrow from this kind of lender to buy real estate? I need advice! (Hard money lenders)
In general, when is it a good time to buy a house? When is renting a waste of money?
A family member has offered to pay for my college tuition.  How do I deal with the money?
What's the best way to negotiate bringing down IRS debt?
30-yr-old with IRA, no debt, and good savings, but still nervous. How to improve?
What sort of plan will maximize my savings? (Canada)
Is a TFSA a good place to squirrel away a down payment? (Canada)
Need to refinance, but I have bad credit. What are my options?
Is it ever a good idea to keep a car at the end of a lease?
New Poll Reveals Consumer's Top Financial Regrets -- But Is It Accurate?
An apartment I'm interested in wants me to buy Renter's Insurance... is this a real thing, and is it mandatory?
Which should I start first?
I'm on track to max out my TFSA and RRSP with money leftover. What do I do with it?
Just graduated and started a job, how do I finance?
When, How and Should You Walk Out of a Bad Mortgage?
Just started a new job, how do I finance?
Poor credit score.  Just got a $2,000 credit card with 7% fixed interest rate (cosigned).  So now, how do I raise my credit the quickest?
What should I do with my (small) savings while I'm in the Peace Corps for 2 years?
(Canada) I keep getting debt collection calls on a cell number I recently bought. What can I do?
Getting first CC (Visa), how to get a high limit?
I'm a full time medical student who has run out of money and may have to drop out. Can you help me bring in €30 a day?
Is it important to try to time the rollover / transfer of a 401k or IRA?
So I've started to invest in Stocks with dividends with my extra money as a saving method. Any tips, warnings or alternatives r/personalfinance has for me?
Is refinancing a 30-year fixed rate (4.625%) loan a good idea? 
As a contract employee (W-2) who cannot participate in a company retirement program, can I still have pre-tax retirement deductions?
Hail damage check - pay off car with it?
Help - Refinancing home...better to go for low closing costs, or slightly lower rate?
When is it time to close a Credit Card?
Employer dropped matching from 401K, what now?
Help - What's the best way to pay off a collections bill?
(US) Just deposited my first paycheck! What are some great tips for someone who just opened a bank account?
Loaned my vehicle to my uninsured, unlicensed friend. What can I do now that my vehicle is damaged?
How can I determine what type of rewards category a merchant is in for a credit card?
Living overseas, best way to pay stuff back in the home country?
If merchants start adding surcharges for credit/debit card purchases, would you still use them?
In dire need of money - where to turn?
Why am I being hesitant about actually putting money into my Roth IRA?
I'm starting college next year. Is it worth it to take out $240k in loans for an Ivy League undergraduate education?
Looking to buy a short-sale house, credit is not that great, any tips?
Thinking about consolidating private student loans; does anyone have experience with this?
Ready to pay off $578.44 to bills that are in collections, what's my strategy with the agencies?
Question: Does being added as an authorized user on someone's credit card have the same beneficial impact on score as being primary cardholder?
0% Promotional APR on Balance Transfers....What's the Catch? 
Medical Debt in Collections. What is my best course of action?
Is going carless and renting when I need to a smart move? 
Cash out annuity Fund to pay for school?
I'm debt-free and making a decent salary but my gf has 80k in loans and no job prospects. Can anyone outline a basic plan for me before marriage and kids come along?
What is better for my credit score?
How Can I Regain Control?
Does anyone support their parents? (Canada, xpost from r/frugal)
Will a corporate credit card in my name help grow my credit score?
Looking into buying a house. What should I expect?
(AU) Planning to start investing next year, recommended reading?
Co-signing little sister's Sallie Mae student loan?
Why is buying a home with existing debt so frowned-upon?
403(b) vs 401(a)? Am I getting screwed here?
What's the best cash back credit card?
Stock purchase plan or 401 k?
What to do with my money?
How best to relocate for my situation (selling/buying)?
Are credit cards, bank loans, mortgages, etc. the only way to establish a credit score?
Manager may have screwed me out of paycheck. What do?
I have a little over $42k in debt. Can I pay it off within 6 years?
How do I even begin investing money? Started working 1 year ago and have saved 20k.
Help a teenager get a good start in her life?
Best places to get free in person credit advice/counseling? 
How Can I Qualify for an Instant Approval Credit Card?
$25k in savings. 19 years old. Best option?
Anyone else keep an extra bit of cash in the house?   How much do you think one should keep?
Move funds from TSP Account to IRA?
Is the AMEX gold (premier) card worth it?
I have about 15K, would like to invest the majority of it. I am looking for it to HOLD value - making a large profit or speculating is not my aim. Advice?
How long will it take you? (Early retirement calculator)
Is there a better way than a high-yield (0.89%) savings account to hold money I won't need for twelve months?
Emigrant Direct Keep or Transfer funds?
Financially, does buying a hybrid/all electric vehicle make sense?
Best financial gift for my 2 year old nephew ?
Getting an idea of Med School interest rates?
Is it detrimental to have an open checking or savings account with no activity for an extended period of time?
Help me set my 401(k) allocation? (xpost from r/investing)
Question about having multiple checking accounts: Is it a bad idea? Does closing one affect your credit?
Would it be financially terrible to sign a lease I intend to pay 3 weeks late for first month/deposit?
I ruined my credit shortly out of highschool beginning over 5 years ago, but I'm not sure how to repair it.  Any advice?
Should I request a credit line increase on an old ccard?
Confused about credit. Any help?
How can I get lower interest rates on my debt?
I'm almost out of debt! What should I do with my money when it happens?
Is this FHA Streamline Refinance worth it?
Got a credit card when I was 18, abused it, got sent to collections, paid/cancelled it. Can't get a credit card so how can I rebuild my credit? (Canada)
I have no credit and I'm semi-clueless about credit cards, what are my best options are far as starting out with a credit card?
[UK] I'm 19 and want to learn about pensions, loans, credit ratings and how best to manage my money. What's a good book I can read to educate myself?
My girlfriend and I are considering moving in together. Would it be a jerk move for me to make it conditional on her taking a personal finance course first?
I messed up my credit with a doctor's appointment that I thought was covered by my insurance but wasn't. What should I do?
A few questions about 1099 forms and taxes?
If I don't have a need for capital liquidity are there 
any reasons that I shouldn't have that $$ in an 
Online Bank Account? 
Anybody else use this for envelope bugeting?
Do reloadable visa/mastercard "gift cards" have an affect on my credit score?
[CANADA] I want to save a couple thousand dollars for a couple years, how best do I proceed?
Reddit, my best friend has student loan debt in excess of $110,000 what can she do to get out of the hole? (x post from r/askreddit)
$250 for opening a Chase checking account?
Pay Debt or Invest or both?
How can my girlfriend be approved for a credit card with no credit?
Should I accept the Credit Card Collector's Offer?
How long does it take a bank to reject a direct deposit? (US)
Am I hurting my credit score by NOT having any debt?
What software to use?
Married dual income of $190k year, still renters. Should we buy a house?
Is buying a house way below our means ever a good idea?
What are the best subsidized student loans?
Is my mother's credit card debt hurting my credit?
Strategic Default in Nevada?
Sallie Mae - Pay Off a Billing Group?
How much house can I afford?
How improper is it for a loan officer to ask for more specific reasons/purpose for your loan: "off the record"?
Still the Worst Financial Advice I Ever Gave? (Redux)
Car loans, insurance, and rent, while making little cash? [x-post from r/Frugal)
Received a financial gift. Have a baby on the way. Best long-term investment is...?
6,700 in Subsidized Fed. Student Loans, pay off at graduation,or as I go? Which is better for my credit score?
From which agency to get my credit score?
Mint.com expanded functionality of the Trends feature - what do you think?
Ugh...put money into Sharebuilder, and didn't realize their huge commissions. What should I do?
How do I get out of my parent's house?
What's the best way to borrow $20,000 for 6 months for college?
Should I pay off my car entirely?
Help choosing a credit card? (between 3)
One stupid move among some good ones - how much will it hurt my credit score?
A stupid move among some smart ones - how much will my credit score get hit?
My girlfriend needs a loan to pay for tuition, but she can't find a cosigner.  Is there anything we can do?
I didn't do my taxes this past year.  Can I still do that?  If I would've gotten money back will I still get it?
15 year old from Canada. What do I do with $1500 per month?
What personal finance magazines or newsletters do you all subscribe to?
Living with my parents again. Minimal bills. Advice? 
About to be new college student, how do I start establishing my credit rating?
With minimal expenses, is an emergency fund more important than my portfolio right now?
22k in medical debt, what to do?
Serious question: Why do you hate Bank of America?
Planning on getting my first apartment. What is a reasonable estimate on monthly expenses?
I'm from Malta (EU member) and would like to know what my alternatives are to Roth IRA and Vanguard accounts. Does anybody have any info? I also have a Swedish personnummer (no citizenship) and a bank account there, so I'm open to Swedish retirement options as well. I'm 25.
Can you explain to me how a Canadian TFSA works using very small words?
Minor debt, bad credit. What is the best way to deal with this?
529 Plan: How to allow people to gift contribute into plan?
Critique my asset allocation?
CD based Roth IRA conversion?
Are I Bonds really a good investment?
How much of a credit card limit increase should I request when I call every 6-12 months?
How do U.S. Expats save for retirement?
Mortgage Help: What should I do?
Apartment lease - if I haven't signed anything, can I change it?
Need advice on organizing family finances - RESPs, RRSPs, what else? (CA)
Credit Card questions, Can anyone help? (USA)
What is the best I could get (reward wise) with a starting credit card?
Paying off federal student loans early - how does it work? 
Simple - Has anyone tried this modern take on your traditional bank?
How do property tax and PMI work?
Pension plan modified. Should I alter my retirement strategy?
If PMI is applied to a mortgage when you put down less than 20%... and it can go away once you build equity... why doesn't it get added if your value falls with a new assessment?
Overdue Cards... options?
I have $2,000 I would like to put into savings so it earns interest. No idea where to put it, help?
1st priority - retirement or student loans?
Any debt consolidation options that are actually a good idea?  Need help with credit cards
Sharing the Wealth: how to deal pragmatically with uneven incomes in a happily-unmarried but cohabitant relationship?
"Bank City" to use on a direct deposit form (in the case of a nat'l./regional bank)?
Is it possible/efficient to invest in foreign savings?
Are there any negative consequences to applying for two credit cards at the same time?
UK student loan help?
Added my wife as a joint holder on my 5 year old credit card. Her creditkarma score is now 741. She had no previous credit history at all! How is this possible?
Thoughts on PerkStreet Financial, or anything similar?
Best Investment Options at a young age?
How can I minimize the amount owed to the IRS?
Young and confused, what should I be doing? throwaway
Would buying this house be a bad idea?
Should we get a 15 year mortgage and pay a little extra on it each month, or a 30 year mortgage and pay a LOT extra each month?
So... the credit game... I guess this means I'm winning?
Trying to decide best rewards credit card for grocery shopping based on spending, any ideas?
I need help paying for one more undergrad class to graduate--what are my options? (xpost from /r/frugal)
Can foreigners (UK/France/Germany) open Vanguard accounts? Is there any risk directly associated with buying an index fund with them? Ought we wait for the exchange rate to get better? 
20 Year Old College Student - Considering Buying Grandparents' House. Would need a mortgage. Bad idea?
Surpassing IRA contribution limits, changing jobs, and looking at early retirement in a decade (US).  What should I do with these accounts? 
What type of write offs can i expect to take advantage of in my new job?
Worth it to start a 401k in the gap year between college and grad school?
I've seen posts about Mint and YNAB, but nothing about PageOnce. Anyone have experience with PageOnce?
Personalfinance deals with things like investments and investments deal with money and money is basically just a place-marker for value, so is their any schools of thought around what will and will not contain value in the future?
Sites like mint.com that work in Australia?
Mortgage Payment Holidays &amp;#8211; Is It Wise To Take Them?
Where can I Sign up for Credit Cards with Instant Approval?
What are the drawbacks of getting a 30 year mortgage and paying it off as a 15?
What are the implications of a global debt reset for investing/finance?
How come some people have such low interest on their school loans like 2.75% for consolidated loans, and others have really high interest?
Does this look correct to you? Wasn't sure about state and withholding, etc.
Avg retirement savings = 30k - Is the IRA/401k a failure? or retirees irresponsibility in not appropriately saving for retirement?
What is your opinion of a cash secured loan? [US]
Do you do your own taxes? Pros and cons of hiring a professional? H&amp;R Block free tax return experiences?
Advice about debt consolidation?
My paychecks are not taxed--how might this alter taxation of Roth IRA contributions? [US]
How did my credit score get so low? 
My student loan payments are about to double from $650 to $1300. Is consolidation still the wrong choice?
Reddit, I turn 18 tomorrow. What kind of credit card should I get to start building my credit?
Purchasing tax sales property?
Anybody else been using this card? I'm thinking of getting it
Mounting debt issues threaten to overwhelm my family. Can you help, Reddit? 
Who's getting rich off Rich Dad?
Don't know what my long-term plans are - how should I invest my money?
Is this CC insurance a good deal or not? (CA)
How valuable is a pension?
Is this financially irresponsible? 
Personal finance services?
What is the best way to deal with a credit card collections department? 
Car is breaking down. Sell it while I can for trade in value or kill it? (US)
Got a new job, should i roll my 401k into my new employers 401k or are there other, better options?
What should I do about my upside down townhouse? (US)
Inherited 20k now what?
Husband's business hasn't paid him in 1.5 years. He says he can't walk away. What to do?
Best way to get back on top of credit card payments?  
Have you ever switched banks? Did you find it difficult to do so?
Does paying off credit card charges on the same day hurt your credit score?
What is a decent (yet kind of arbitrary) ratio for expenses someone coming out of college should model their spending after?
Roth 401k or Traditional 401k or Traditional IRA?
Best commercial banks for checking/savings?
Where / how would I find out what the taxes will be if I were to sell off all of my stocks?
Got a higher paying job, not sure where I am at in the world of finance. Thoughts on my general situation and what I should be doing?
Should I squash my $7000 debt by selling off Apple stock?
Pay off credit card debt with 401k? And 401k questions
How many bank accounts do you currently have?
I am a teenager in high school. What are the most important things that people my age need to know about how to manage money?
Every cent I make goes to pay off School Loan. Is this what I should be doing?
Does everybody have 4 different credit cards or is this as weird as it seems to me?
If my bill has already been sent to a debt collections agency is it still worth paying off?
How important is size of an ETF? When investing, should one always go for the more liquid ETF? How important is amount of assents under management?
Update: How valuable is a pension? 
What are the best reward cards?
Call Me When Your School Loan Is Paid In Full - would an SO's student debt affect your thoughts on the future of your relationship?
Came into some money; what to pay off first?
What to do with incoming CASH?
A rather rich client suggested a tactic to help me save money on my taxes. Legit?
Jumping Savings: How Many Ways?
Personal loan to pay medical bills?
Past student loan delinquency hurting credit but I make 6 figures, what can I do?
401(k) max. match = $1500; should I bother opening?
Multiple student loans, same interest rate, does it matter what to pay off first?
r/personalfinance: can you confirm something for me re: refi?
How can I find all my student loans?
whats the deal with ally bank?  
Will I Really Benefit from Signing up for Credit Repair Services?
My wife fell for an online subscription scam. How do we get the biggest refund?
Are there fees associated with a "fund to fund" transfer within 401k?
What Should I Sign up for – Secured or Unsecured Credit Cards?
Some 401k options, but does it really matter? 
A chance to pay off student loans in full... is it a good idea?
Credit Card Balance Transfers... Is this even a good idea?
I need some help, guys! I'm a student, and the only debt I have is student loan debt... but my app for a "student" credit card was denied. Why?
I got paid more than usual this week - can anyone explain why/how?
Buy a house before attending grad school for two years?
Does anyone have experience with National Union Fire Insurance?
If I were to buy a new car with a loan, any advice/resources?
How Should I, A college student, invest?
Paying a bad debit in full, what are the immediate impacts?
Advice for a recent college graduate on whether I should invest in 401K?
Is there a "good time" to contribute to IRA?
What to do with 200k??
Lost drivers license (uk) can this be used for identity theft ?
What classes should I take as the future estate executor if my parents should happen to pass away?
Can someone please help me understand different interest rates for credit cards? (UK)
Ever worth it to get a credit card with an annual fee?
High student loan debt: retire it quickly or extend the misery? Help me decide!
Cosigned on ex's car, both stopped paying, got repossessed.  Now they want $3000.  What do I do now?
What was that template letter to request an explanation of a bill?
How can I Gradually Pay off My Credit Card Debt?
I honestly don't get how people pay for things?
I'm a university student looking to start up my credit rating for the future. What are some ways to do this?
I think my financial house is in order now. Am I missing anything?
Charged for damages to apartment done prior to move in. What do?
Is it wiser to live like a hobo, or like a king?
Going into college. Eligible for $3500 in Subs. Stafford Loan (3.4%, 1% origination).  After grants, I need $2500 to meet my necessary expenses.  I also have a substantial work study fund, but none of that is guaranteed money that I can use to pay my bill. How much should I take in loan?
How to choose an accountant? (In Texas)
Anybody try the Wallaby financial card? Does it work well? Any similar solutions?
New job - What else do I need to plan for? 
Why can't I park my emergency fund in a bond index?
Can I use my HSA to pay for an emergency car repair?
How important is a bank's star rating? 
How much do you budget for dining out?
Best account to hold an emergency savings in?
Bank of America transaction help?
Ask Personal Finance: To Lease or to Buy?? (A Car)
What bank should get an account with?
Is it normal for a bank to rat out a client to the tax-man if they have information that income isn't being claimed on their taxes?
May be getting laid off, how can i prepare?
Best policies for Vanguard Roth IRA/general advice?
Best Investing Strategy for a 20K Retirement Account Eligible for Rollover? Details inside.
If I have a ETF under management from a fund with low liquidity, what happens to my ETF index fund if the ETF services are discontinued?
Entering College: Is Federal Work Study worth it? Anybody here voluntarily opt in or out? varying opinions wanted.
Made an error and a small bill made it to debt collections.  What's the best way to clear it up?
Income getting ready to go way up.. don't want to screw everything up... what do?
Which credit cards pay 2% at restaurants?
Looking for a new credit card. Any suggestions?
Just had my CC limit slashed from $20,000 to $3,000 and FICO from 795 to 615 in one day due to a credit report error. Is this a unique thing?  How did it turn out for you?
Mortgage question: Why did the amount of principle I'm paying monthly go down when the interest rate adjusted up?
How Does Student Loan Debt/Interest Affect Your Tax Bill?
1st time post- Preparing for future with partner- High yield savings account?, I bonds?, Roth IRA? I'm confused. 
Student with short credit history; which CC to apply for?
Is there a loan for buying land and building a house?
What company to use for a refinance? (US)
Which retirement should a self employed / independent contractor contribute to after their Roth IRA?
Current credit score of 615 due to CC utilization (90%), paying off large chunk soon. How long until my score goes up?
Contributing to a Roth IRA - What Next?
Fire repairs cost have gone over budget, what are my options?
Applying for car loan ? Better alone or with someone with almost no credit history ?
New to leasing/renting apartments, is there a way to not pay every time a potential landlord wants to check my credit?
Does the recommended savings rate of 20% include 401(k) and IRA contributions?
College student with questionable credit, how to spend my 100k cash influx?
My parents have stolen my identity for years. I just found out, what should I do?
Expected rate of return?
First time with a 401k, I have no idea where I should be investing my money, any help?
Best savings or retirement fund for teachers?
(CA) Reddit, what career do you think is awesome?
Can I get some quick perspective on refinancing a mortgage?
Consistently getting 12.5% - 15% return, can I do better?
401k Rollover to where?
How do I find the balance on an old judgment that is mostly paid?
Are You Too Broke to Go Bankrupt?
Switched jobs, should I roll my 401k into an IRA or into my new 401k?
Paying for my mortgage with a Starwood Preferred Amex to rack up points and paying off the amount before it accrues interest - makes sense or stupid idea ?
Is there any way to avoid gift taxes here?
What does this mean? (Student Loan Repayment)
My father kept my mother almost completely in the dark about their personal finances. He passed away unexpectedly, and I'm trying to help her get everything in order. What do I need to do?
My family's house is foreclosed. We are going to meet with a counseling agency tomorrow, part of NJ Homekeeper Program, to try to get assistance. I've heard nothing but bad reviews about the program. What are your thoughts about government sponsored programs that are trying to help out homeowners?
For a person in his 20s, is getting a car loan ever a good idea?
Will cancelling a credit card of which I am an authorized user affect my score?
Over 100K in debt. What to do?
What is the smartest way to start building credit as a 20 year old? (details inside)
Where should I invest $3000?
Opinion on internet mortgage companies???
Student Loan + Credit Card Debt Advice ?
Good resource for how to fill out a W4? 
Setting up a Roth IRA. Where should I do so?
First Job out of college, single, how would YOU manage a 50k salary?
Need Serious Advice: I am a commercial real estate salesperson for the past 11 months. 3 properties on market. Savings is wiped. Stress is at an all time high. Any one else work in Real Estate or a full commission job? What would you do?
How does this table work on T-Bond returns? 
Starting a Family? Think Debt Consolidation
Anyone else use capital one payment protection? Can it hurt my credit?
I applied for a Citi Forward card, but they approved me for a Citi Forward for College Students card. Is this an error on their end; if not, why the switch?
Cancel a card to add another?
My mortgage was bought by Dovenmuehle, does anyone have any opinion on them?
Am I missing something? Bummed about having to pay fees for every stock/fund purchase in my Roth IRA
Hey PF - Help Keep Me Accountable (Update 1: Success!!)?
Rent discount for paying up front — how much to ask for?
Loans for college?
Should I get another credit card to boost my credit score?
Company defaulted on remainder of a 401k due to payroll dept incorrectly adjusting loan repayment.  Now we're expected to pay taxes on defaulted amount and pay the remainder of the initial loan back.  Is this right?
Recent cash influx of $10k, but I already have Roth, Individual Investment Account, Emergency Fund, and a Home. What to do with it?
I have inherited some money, what do do?
take a loan on my roth 401k to pay credit card balance?
Vanguard International Growth or Vanguard Tot Intl Stock?
What cities are best for seniors? Milken study says Provo, Sioux Falls - USATODAY.com
My friend is about to be gifted over $150,000 US. Any tax exemption or exceptions he can look at?
Non-Americans: are credit and debt as prevalent in your locale as they are in the USA?
Thinking of applying for my first credit card, any help?
Desperate for cash, need help. Is a title loan a decent option? Other Ideas?
When do I check my credit scores? Also, which ones should I inquire?
What is a Debt Consolidation Loan? | LoanHunt.com
Alternative to Billmonk?
Is there a reliable aggregate of 0% APR credit cards on the net? I need to send some debt to a credit card with a lower APR. 
Save first or pay down first?
Im from the UK and recently cashed in some 
bonds, its a small amount but i would like to put it 
back into something, what do?
Getting a 50k lump sum this month, about 50k in debt. Is the best option to pay off all the debt at once? (CAN)
Fighting Overdraft Fee?
Is Credit Karma a useful tool? 
I have a sneaking suspicion that my parents are building up a huge amount of debt banking on their death before payoff... am I at risk?
How do I return my high interest rate financed car without losing money?
Infographic: How Americans Spend Their Money. What do you think? 
Have $100,000 cash. What are my options for long term investments? 
I won't be spending anything for the next 30days, in an effort to get my finances back on track. Anyone else try this before?
If you could go back to when you were 19, what would you do differently financially?
SigFig is a new Mint-like service—for tracking your investments. What does r/personalfinance think? (x-posted from r/investing)
What to do with company vested stock (RSUs)?
Websites for calculating take home pay?
I'm an easy case, but I need a lot of help. Anyone willing to give me some advice? 
[meta] What do you want to see different in /r/personalfinance?
[x/post from r/investing] What are your opinions of motif investing?
Should I invest in IRAs?
I want to get a new credit card (will be my 3rd). Should I cancel other card I rarely use, or keep it open?
What software do you use to manage your personal finances?
ADVICE: 28 year old, making 73k, have 401k with company matching 6%-4%..... IRA traditional vs IRA roth?
How do I choose a Credit Union? (US)
Can I afford to buy a new car? (US)
Taking a car loan - what sort of down payment is ideal?
Added to parents credit card account many years account, impacting credit. Repercussions to dropping myself from account?
ADVICE needed: 18y/o, what should I do with my money?
Already built up credit score with secured card for about 6 months and score is a bit stagnant. Is it time to apply for a new card?
Are home warranties a good investment?  Also, why everyone needs an emergency fund.
Trying to pull my small family out of debt by December, can I have some advice?
Need to figure out investment companies...help?
What car do you drive and what salary do you earn?
Setting up a Roth IRA?
How long do I have to build credit to be able to take a loan from the bank? 
Should I keep my credit cards?
Should I join my company stock ownership plan? (US)
Can a Roth IRA act somewhat as an emergency fund?
What Bank would be the easiest one to work with?
What will happen to the extra $$ I put towards my student loan debt?
Convert Amex TrueEarnings to Blue Cash Preferred?
Loan help?
I am 14 years old, with my birthday approaching, how can I use this opportunity to start saving up? 
Has Mint been acting up lately?
Looking to buy a house but self employed.  2010 tax return looks bad because I started my business then, is that bad?
I have been contributing to my ROTH IRA, but I might make over $110,000 this year, help?
How exactly does paying extra on your mortgage affect the amortization schedule?
I'm Thinking of Paying this Debt with my Roth...How Would you Manage it if you were me?
CD or maybe IRA?
I'm 24, have 0 debt, and make 55k/year. What should I put my money into?
I'm 23 with 51k in student loans, considering consolidating them. what kind of interest rate could I get? any suggested lendors?
Reddit -- What % rate do you have on your Savings account, and where is it from?
What amount would I need to have invested to have a monthly return of $1000(US) in dividends?
Should I ditch Ally Bank?
I'm listed as co-owner of a house and on all related bills, with a family member who is financially irresponsible and is in severe debt. How do I fix this? (CA)
Does it make sense to buy a house or invest when my wife has 50k in student debt or should I pay off her debt first?
Do you include cash in your asset allocation?
just finished first summer job... have 3K... im 17 no expenses. what do i do?
Did an asset allocation rebalance, what do you guys think?
Can someone clarify TSP vs Roth IRA for me?
Stupid question: what is your favorite method to tabulate spending/earning/ect in excel?
Here's how I run my finances. So far, I'm in pretty good shape. But, how do I step up my game from here?
What Property is Exempt From Bankruptcy in Texas? 
20 year old university student with a summer job... what should I know/what should I be doing? (CA)
What personal finance skills do you wish you were taught when you became an adult? What is missing in PF education?
I'm 20 years old, a college student, and just got my first salaried position. Any tips on saving or spending habits?
Starting first adult job and saving a lot. What should I be doing with it?
What is tax sheltering and how do I do it?
I just found this subreddit, and now I'm terrified about the future.  Can you guys offer some advice??
How is the buy price of Roth IRA contributions calculated?
Whole life insurance?
Recommended online bank?
Visual balance sheets of your personal finance; any good downloadable/web-account related or downloadable excel sheets out there? (NOR)
I'm about to receive a $9,000 lawsuit settlement from my old job for not reimbursing us for expenses properly, how can I avoid paying taxes up front?
Would I be better served by saving a lot in my 401k or saving more towards a house down payment?
I revived a savings bond from my mom. How can I process the check I got from the bank?
Hey guys, hope this is the right sub. I'm going to be living in Paris for the next 5 months, any suggestions on a good bank card to get that won't charge me ridiculous fees?
Is that all there is to it? If so, why is it so hard for many to get out of debt assuming they have income.
Student Loan Questions: Consolidation, Variable Rates, 0% Fixed?
529? IRA? Brokerage Accounts?  Where/who should I start with to start investing?
One institution, two credit cards.  Can/should I combine them?
Is there any type of loan where you don't have to 
start paying anything back for a year or more? 
(Canada)
I am 27 and would like to open a retirement account. I have no idea where to begin, can /r/personalfinance help?
I've got a thin file (little to no credit), need to start building it. How?
New or barely used Honda Fit?
My mid-term goals are vague (0 to 200k+). How much of my money should go toward mid-term vs. retirement?
Simple credit cards to open for a churning buffer?
Got married, should we file separate or jointly? 
How does financing a vehicle from a dealership work? Any pros and cons?
Landlord just contacted me and told me he is filing bankruptcy. What does this mean for me?
How much should a person be donating to charity? (And, why it might help you make more money)
It's a generational thing?
Best strategy to pay tax on IRA conversion?
Just started working, where do I put my savings?
I drank too much, lost control, and gave away nearly everything in my checking account at a casino last night. What do I do next?
How Do I Take My Finances to the Next Level?
German (no US citizenship) moving to the US for PhD; Gonna live in New York state for 5 to 6 years; currently with BoA. To which bank should I switch? 
Is going out-of-state for a BSc in software engineering worth the debt?
Vanguard funds vs. Vanguard.com - what are the differences? 
Do/should married couples have joint bank accounts?
Renting vs Buying? (UK)
Should I be doing something more to build credit?
How to live with 3 kids after separation?
(CAN) There's lots of great advice in here on what to do with spare money, but what about time? How would you use free time to make your money work harder?
Any recent grads contributing to your company's 401k, your own Roth IRA and investing in mutual funds? If so, how are you making it work?
how to calculate life insurance premium?
Teaching overseas. 21K (and rising) student loan debt. Saving 1.5K a month. What to do? 
Which school loan to pay off first?
Sallie Mae incorrectly reported multiple inaccuracies to credit bureaus. Best way to proceed?
How did previous "spenders" change to "savers?"
How do I build credit quickly with a Secured Visa?
Should I buy an €800 gaming computer? 
Would it a be good idea to downgrade health insurance to save money?
Sell my car before starting graduate school?
College junior here. What can I do to save/pay for graduate school?
Military for 4 years or personally finance my college education?
How do I enroll a share of stock into a dividends reinvestment plan?
Which funds does this finance expert keep his money in?  (hint: Vanguard)
Who here uses Chase Sapphire?
Feeling pretty shaken after a call with a debt collector... she ended the call on me and told me that if a payment wasn't posted by the end of the month, they would take "further steps".  What do?
What can I do to improve my car situation?
What are Secured Credit Cards All About?
Parents are considering to pay a large portion of their mortgage. Good or bad idea?
Can I buy a house if my wife has no credit?
Student loan consolidation for a lower interest rate?
How should I save for retirement without a 401K contribution match?
Where To Get a Credit Card with a Good Rate?
10k to put towards 25k of credit card debt... where would you put it? 
[Home Buying] Living at home 75k saved up, establishing credit, should I use my current dead end job (2years) to leverage a home?
How do I find my routing number?
Why Are Investors Fleeing Equities? Hint: It’s Not the Computers
ELI5: What's does it mean that a company I got hired to offers an ESOP?
Does anybody have experience with Money Desktop?
My gf received a $54k inheritance, should she pay off nearly all of her student loans or invest some of it?
How can I prove I paid off my debt? Semi-complicated situation inside.
Effective Tax Rate 13.83% ???
What to do with OLD Collection Accounts? Also, when is pay-for-delete worth it?
How do I find the best Mortgage?
Car body damage- fix it, sell it, or junk it?
Seedr: democratizing startup funding. What do you think?
Series B Preferred Stock -What is it?
Is it a good idea to pay the bills on a Credit Card?
What else besides savings can I do as a college student?
Missing credit report? Experian unable to honor request for free report?
American in Sweden - where can I get good financial advice?
Why Do Poor People Have Two or More Flat Screen TV's?
Personal Finance: If I make $30 per hour working a 40 hour/week job, how much should I consider my time worth in terms of deciding whether or not a task is worthwhile? - Quora
Just got married, best joint savings account?
What is r/personalfinance's opinion on this trust website?  Just found it last night.  Does it look legit?
Rebuilding my credit, what should I do?
Can someone explain what the bonus miles on some credit cards means exactly?
Realistic expectations... Making around 40k a year with zero debt and establishing credit.... would 120k home lone be ridiculous? 
To refinance or not for a better rate?
Starting a company... Payoff car loan or keep the cash reserve?
Does disputing a credit card charge affect my credit score?
Is this (or a different subreddit) a place where I could perhaps find someone to take a look at my finances out of public scrutiny and give one-time advice?
Am I in over my head?  Want to buy a $500k house.
Should I get a credit card? 20 years old, steady, dependable income, and I never over spend
Are there benefits to small banks that you do not get with credit unions?
Which 401k? (US)
Question: If inflation is at 2% and I have a savings account at 1%, am I losing money?
Contribute to Roth now, or wait?
Is it wrong to request a credit line increase with a balance on the account?
How can I best take advantage of my head start in life with respect to housing?
Everyone seems to "know" how to get their incomes to ~$100K, but information about how to get above that seems to be restricted primarily for social reasons - is what I've pieced together at all accurate?
Am I doing the best I can? (CA)
Am I totally screwed?
I have $13K of credit card debt as a result of a balance transfer from a now-ex girlfriend who is dragging her feet to make repayments. How can I transfer the debt back into her name? More in comments.
Requesting credit limit increase. How high should my limit be?
How to you find a personal finance manager who can handle real estate investments?
Does it make sense to have a bunch of credits cards and only use them for the types of transactions they reward?
What Should I Consider when Scouting for Home Loans? | LoanHunt.com
Should I pay off student loans, or pay off lawsuit first?
Is it possible to have 2 401k's and 2 medical/dental benefits?
Moving out: Can I afford $715 rent?
If I can comfortably afford it, should I buy a house before getting married?
How to Help my Parents in Retirement?  I Need a Plan.
If my father passes away, I am the only one responsible to clean out his house, If I am not labeled in his Will could this be considered theft?
Beginning Estate Planning: Martial Trusts. Anybody have experience with this?  
What type of credit card do I get if Im just starting to build my credit?
Recent college grad wanting to start savings/investing (Roth IRA?) Need help!
Income vs home price rule of thumb: why is it a fixed ratio?
Is having a budget recommended for everyone? What if I think I'm already good at saving money?
Is it bad to tell others your credit score?
20YO, can consistently invest/save 24k per year. Interested in passive residual income streams for retirement by 50. Rental properties vs. 401k vs. IRA vs. Other?
I really want to look at my boyfriend's Mint account. How big of a personal space invasion is that?
Why are credit cards that give you miles interesting?
Save or Pay Off Debt?  I'm at my wits end!
Is a real estate agent worth the cost?
First Credit Card: Secured or Student?
Personal Finance – Have Fun or Save Money?
Health insurance claim denied, now what?
Accepting 10k+ wire transfer to BofA account safe?
22 year-old college student --what should I be doing with my money?
Anyone rent their car out through getaround?
For contributions to a Roth IRA, does it matter which year I earned the income?
Best way to invest a large sum?
Just Graduated and got a job as a plant chemist, already considering more education such as pharmacy but my situation is a bit complex. Help?
Trading in a vechicle for a cheaper one to lower payments?
What are loan options available for those without a cosigner? 
How do prepaid credit cards work?
Five Ways To Get a Free Credit Score (No Trials!) - Anyone ever use these? Trustworthy? Seem so, but figured I'd open it up to you guys first.
I'm a new college grade and made a personal budget. How does this look?
Putting money in a taxable account, what is the best allocation?
(general discussion) what do you do when you realize your chosen career/degree won't support the lifestyle you/your partner want?
How much Principal and Investor Backing is Usually Required for an Initial Small Business Loan? (US) (NOLA)
Average Hourly Income?
What kind of negative credit reporting can I have removed?
Savings bond for an infant's birthday? 
Please help? I have no idea about finances.
Why does using a third or more of my credit on my card hurt my credit score?  If I can handle paying it down in the same way that I can a smaller sum, why not treat it the same?
Please help! My wife is freaking out right now because the hospital were I work is going from a PPO 80 to a High Deductible Health plan in 2014. Is there anything I can tell her that may be advantageous about this type of plan that will ease her mind? As of right now she is insisting I change jobs.
Girlfriend makes triple what I do. How do we even out bills and other finances?
Any of you watch Til' debt do us part? What do you think of it?
Good idea or just plan dumb?
finally made it big time with my first salary job, woo hoo! now what?
Does anyone have experience with finding scholarship money? (a HS senior hoping to take the load off)
Need advice on my options, got debt and am finding it hard to pay it off when my interest just puts it back on again?!
How much money should we have saved before buying a house?
This WSJ Article Advocates Not Paying Private Student Loans "If It's Been Long Enough" And Waiting Til They Drop Off Your Record... What does PF think?
UPDATE: College grad starting my first job. Here's my finance sheet. How am I doing so far?
Easiest and/or most economical method of purchasing all three credit reports WITH scores?
Financial suggestions for a college returnee facing some debt and a dubious career?
penfed or alliant?
I'm 23 and my super reliable car is my biggest financial asset. I'm going to leave the country for 2+ years. Should I sell it or keep it?
Does it drive you guys nuts that you have to work really hard in order to get to a point where you don't have to work hard?
Please help me figure out the path I'm on financially... am I stretched too thin?  What can I do?
College Student, Should I get an additional credit card for better rewards + building credit score? Thoughts?
Just starting a retirement account. What is the rate I should be contributing?
What is your socio-economic goal?
What is your socio-economic goal?
My father left his company over a decade ago. He had worked there for 15 years before he left. Can he claim his pension, and if so, how does he?
My brother is a little short on getting a loan for a new house. Should I co-sign?
PayDivvy - Does anyone here have experience with paying rent or other bills via Credit Card through a 3rd party?  Worth it?
Should I buy or rent my first home?
Could someone please explain credit scores to me like I'm five?
So it's mid-2012. Is it *still* better to buy a house than to rent an apartment?
Should I trust mint.com wholeheartedly? 
How do you have your bank accounts set up to help you benefit you the most from them?
Should I bother voluntarily repaying my student loans? (AU)
I was just suprised with $13k debt - I can't afford to pay it up, how can I handle it?
I've noticed that most of my friends with strong personal wealth did not accumulate it themselves. It is just family money. How can we compete with that?
$500 credit card debt, $500 uni bill: getting $500 loan today?
Taking out loan, paying 90% of it off in first payment, then paying rest off over time. Is this a good idea to minimize interest paid while still getting a boost to my credit score?
Should I Get a New Card Just for a 0% Balance Transfer?
Bank Account Share /w 3 People, Need Android App to Manage?
What should you do if you are 100k in debt?
What should you do if you are turned down for a savings account because you are the victim of identity theft?
Response from bank after debt-validation request, now what?
Is it important to have long term disability insurance?
Is it "safe" to keep all of my money in my checking account? I understand that I miss out on interest payments, but is there anything else I'm missing?
Changed jobs and rolled over my 401k to a Vanguard IRA...now what?
Recently went freelance with my writing career, with moderate success. How do I plan for/calculate out taxes?
Is it possible to pay federal student loans with a credit card?
Would I (24F) be able to take out a $25,000 personal loan to help my parents out? 
Student loan is coming in, what's the best way to deal with it?
meeting with a financial planner...anything I should watch out for?  (whole term life insurance??)
What should I do to start getting credit?
Taking out a Mortgage for $1,400 - Will it Hurt Credit Score?
[meta] /personalfinance/ self-posts only?
Should I call my CC company to increase my limit?
How much will I lose from my savings due to inflation?
Is credit.com reliable?
I'm new here so I am not sure how to go about doing this but here it goes. I owe a huge amount in medical bills. Is there any tricks or programs or anything out there to help me get rid of them?
Have credit card companies lowered your montly amound due when you asked?
Does paying off single federal student loan lower the minimum monthly payment?
Recommendations for ETFs and Index Funds?
Home Equity Loan to pay off Lawyer?
Is it reasonable to have a different cash back credit card for each category?
401k fees seem excessively high, and fund selections are sub-par. Is it still worth it(without the match)?
Is it ok to not pay your debts??
DV Letters - Can someone outline a step by step plan?
"Personal Finance 101" -- what to include?
Refinancing Help - Know a Few Things, Not Sure What Else to Consider?
How does a 23 year old single guy save on taxes?
International grad student with $20k USD lying around. Help me put it to work please?
US Citizen working for a foreign government within the United States. Technically self-employed. How do I pay my taxes?
26 year old male, looking to begin building credit... Share Secured Loan or Secured Credit Card?
I'm on Ally's website trying to open an online savings account.  What's the difference between a regular savings account and a money market account?  Sorry if noob question.
Receiving a significant amount of money in the near future...what is the wisest thing I can do with it? 
Possible to increase effective credit limit by overpaying?
After all those prerequisite courses, I need help deciding what would be the best degree concentration for me? Human Resources, Accounting or Finance. 
Checking credit score (Add to FAQ?)
You have 500k in a trust fund and you're in your early 20's, with no debt and income that pays all of your expenses (with a little left over). What would you do?
How long of a time table are we looking at to repair/fix bad credit?
I need medical insurance. I don't know where to start. I would like something affordable. Help?
You probably have too much stuff; How much is it costing you to keep it?
Will a motorcycle loan help or hurt my bad credit?
Found out I have an outstanding bill that's about 7 months old. I had moved by then and it should have been covered by the landlord/new tenants. Pay it?
Car Repair vs. Replacement - at what point is it (financially) worthwhile to replace it?
Can someone help me understand how a $16k car magically turns into $22k of financed loan?
How do you celebrate meeting your financial goals?
How much can you invest with Vanguards Target Retirement Funds?
I have a 610 credit score. What are my best options for a car loan?
Your opinion: Is a 2% yearly raise good?
Cars - How many years back is the sweet spot for purchasing?
Wondering how a Care Credit card will affect credit if not used?
I keep seeing commercials for CreditKarma.com.  What is /r personalfinance's take on it?
How do I deal with a windfall?
Are Bank Holidays Considered to be Business Days (US)?
Should I pay off my car before I start an IRA?
Is it really worth it to accept a low paying job that only requires a GED when you have a 4 year degree from an extremely credible university?
I recently won a trip through a sweepstakes, and the company provided a check to cover the winnings tax. Where should I park this $800?
Who reports something went to collections?
I have a credit score around 800. What does this mean for me?
Should we pay off the mortgage or add to savings?
What kind of personal finance website would you like to see, but doesn't exist?
I recently applied for a Citi Dividend credit card and got turned down. Advice?
What's a good choice for investments within a Roth IRA?
How do I do a PLUS loan?
FICO vs. Other Scores: Is the balance shifting?
Graduation is next year, how should I plan accordingly? 
$1,000 monthly student loan payments. Extra money....allocate it to which ones?
Young professional finally making a little extra cash, what next?
People here seem to love Vanguard Roth IRAs. Why are they better than, say, Fidelity's?
Hey Reddit, can you provide any suggestions/advice for private college loans?
Recent graduate with no debts, what do to with extra cash?
Roth IRA/Saving Options for Low Income Grad Student?
Can IRS count deficiency as income in foreclosure? I've heard that it is exempt for 2012, but I can't exactly find a good source for that claim.
Advice on deciding to sell stock options?
80/20 (ish) home loans, still available?
Has anyone had experience with the Barclaycard and Apple financing?
Can't find a debt consolidation loan?
Student loan holders - am I getting screwed?
Smart car lease for $99 a month / $999 down. Good deal?
Tips/Applications/Calculators to help figure out whether moving is worth it?
PF, I need your help/advice! Do I have options? Banking related.
Thoughts on my current financial situation? (26m and digging out of big debts)
Local CU checking account offering 3% interest.. where's the catch?
Got a call from a collector on an account from 2001, threatening to sue.  Can they do that?
Really want to go from renter to home owner, am I making the right choice given my financial situation? 
Is there such a thing as saving too much?
Can I get someone to rate/critique my stock picks in investopedia's stock simulator? (Antigua and Barbuda)
Should I keep my student loans open to build credit history?
didn't ask the right questions . So Here goes . I pulled all 3 of my credit reports and everything seems accurate , What do I do now?
Leaving job of 6 years for the military.
15k in my 401k, what's the best plan?
Investment opportunity to accelerate student loan repayment...opinions?
2K Cash or 5K toward a car? (Details Inside)
Debt collector is calling about credit card debt, but I have no way of paying. What are my options?
The credit union screwed up majorly...is this my problem?
What can I deduct as work related expenses?
Is financial tracking (as offered by Mint.com) worth the loss of bank insurance?
Car Dealer submitted a credit check SIX TIMES without my approval, now can't get approved for a credit card. What can I do?
If I'm young and not going to abuse them, are there drawbacks to just signing up for a metric shit-ton of credit cards?
Will I be screwed over later by setting up international/online currency exchange accounts that I only plan on using once?
(USA Today) "Should I pay down student loans or contribute to 401(k)?"
Saving to buy a house in about a year- what other expenses do I need to save for?
Pay more in rent to reduce commute? (and thus pay off loans more slowly?)
My not-so-sharp dad invested $10k several months ago into ZeekRewards, a very obvious ponzi scheme. The SEC shut them down yesterday. Will there be an attempt to recoup the money to investors? 
Possible to transfer Sallie Mae loan from parents?
What should I look for in a private school loan?
No Credit Score - How long before I do and what kind of score can I expect?
Was awarded a fellowship for my MA degree which includes a large stipend (20k). What to I say/do regarding taxes?
If I need about $16,000 in student loans over the next four years is there any way I can start paying it off after I graduate when I have a job?
Freelance writing taxes?
What questions will a good financial advisor ask?
If I were to be hired as a personal banker (opening accounts, helping people maximize account benefits, etc.), what kind of math would I need to know?
What is a credit card that does not charge international conversion fees?
Anyone with advice/experience with moving to the US with a immigrant visa and its implications with personal finance?
(AU) Savings rate matches discretionary spending? Am I doing it right?
House will be appraised for refinancing on Tuesday. Any last minute tips or advice? 
Are my car insurance quotes abnormally high?
 Paying off my aunt's credit card...how can I gain credit from it?
Anyone know about the Canadian federal public service pension plan (in which I have recently been enrolled)?
Young man looking for advice on a financially smart move?
Can you claim the loss of stolen property on your taxes in multiple years' filings?
I recently inherited 20 acres of land in a remote part of the United States. How can I monetize it?
Can I sue my former employer(s)???
Annuity transfer, in relation to bankruptcy?
Is paying a student loan with a credit card always a "Balance Transfer?" (US)
Better to be bought out or become a landlord?
secured a Line of Credit with a GIC.. GIC expires in 3 months, what happens to LOC at maturity?
How do I make sure I actually have a credit history?
What's the best plan for investing my subsidized student loans? (US)
Value of hiring a CFP for financial planning/organizing?
Apartment I'm moving into has pushed back the move-in date twice. Leaving me with no home for a week and a half. Is it reasonable to ask for compensation beyond charging me less for first month rent because I'm not living there yet?
How much should we be spending on rent?
Similar sites to unbury.me?
No money for raise, ask for 401k match instead?
Does daily stock market performance matter for long term investors?
Moving from Australia to USA. How do I start building a good credit rating?
Do we really need our financial advisor?
I can't pay for college. Where's all the free money?
Please explain how taxes are deducted when investing into a Roth Ira?
How is keeping my money with a CU better than big banks?
Home loan scams?
Best substitute for HSBC online savings?
How do you married DINKs (Double Income, No Kids) share your income and savings? Keep it separate, combine it all together, or something in between?
Should I stop my 401K Contributions?
Debt collectors are trying to collect money from my deceased father, I was told that he had no balance on this account when I canceled it. What do I do?
Priorities: student loans, emergency fund, retirement? Recent university grad (22 y.o.)
Is it ever a good idea to carry credit card debt?
Have a co-signed car leased with Ally, tried to apply to get the lease for myself and denied. Can I contest it?
Consolidating a Traditional IRA's funds into a Roth IRA's funds - tax, other implications?
Best thing to do with 75k Bonus?
If I sell a financed motorcycle back to a dealer will it help or hurt my credit?
How do I begin fixing my credit score? Where do I start?
As an independent contractor, whats the deal with quarterly tax payments ?
Denied refinance due to Fannie Mae rules. Options?
Can I do a home equity loan to get out of IRS mess?
Which is better, a credit card with a high cash back or rewards option?
When shouldn't you invest with Vanguard?
Starting a new job tomorrow; first time 1099 worker. Any tips for me?
What do I look for in a financial advisor?
Can I be charged for insurance on a closed credit card account?
How do I pay just the principal on my federal student loan instead of future payment when I increase my payment? 
(AU) What do I need to manage my own finance?
You found out there was an inheritance stored for you in the house of a recently deceased relative.  How do you legally put that in your bank?
Good resources to help wade through credit card bullshit, specifically ones that build miles?
Should I sell while the taxes are low?
Has anyone had good experiences with a financial adviser? So far I've only become more confused and distrustful from my experiences.  
What home loan should I take?  A higher interest rate or lower interest rate with mortgage insurance?
Has anyone successfully cancelled and got all their money from a Money Network debit card?
Why is it called a credit limit if they are allowed to arbitrarily lower it at any time?
How much are you forced to take out of your 401k at age 70 1/2?
How do you purchase a new home?
What are your thoughts on this? (Savings)
Is there a way to estimate what car loan rates I might expect, without getting an actual quote and making an inquiry on my credit report?
Dave Ramsey: Financial Peace University program worth it for non-Bible folks?
Online tracking tool with emphasis on forecasting?
The final straw from HSBC.  Where should I move my savings accounts?
Is anyone moving or planning on moving their funds around in anticipation of the approaching threat of the fiscal cliff?
How to convert 403b to roth IRA and what to expect?
Need to get car insurance, where do I start?
Credit Card Increase? 
Can't afford bankruptcy, but only viable option?
A survey about finances: How savvy are you and what are your values?
Should I extend my auto warranty through a third party brokerage? If so, how should I pick one?
Worth repairing my car?
How many credit cards is to much?
Should I apply for a second credit card or for a raised limit on my first?
What would happen to credit card companies (Visa, MasterCard) if everyone paid their balances in full every month (no revenue off interest)?
Saving pay stubs?
What are tax implications of receiving money from overseas?
Student, have a small amount of money set aside. Not sure what to do with it. Also would like to learn more about finance - where to start? (UK)
Are there any Mint.com engineers (or anyone who knows one) in this subreddit?
Does living in a lower cost area inhibit where one can live later in life?
Stats or comparion sites?
Am I saving enough? (CA)
Found 7 open/never late accounts on my credit report. Trying to figure out how to proceed with them. Should I get them close?
What to do with £11k saving when on a low wage?
Experian will not let me file a credit dispute without a credit report less than 90 days old. My free annual report was more than 90 days ago. Is this legal?
Help with a Barclay (apple finance) credit card. What should I do now that it's paid off?
What's a good metric for deciding if one can afford a given house?
(US) Median income vs. median net worth  - and how do you stack up? 
Help me understand credit card interest?
Negotiate an Offer Letter?

Which is better? A variable interest rate 5.550-11.990? or a fixed at 8.990-15.740?
Before declaring bankruptcy, can you give away assets to protect them from being seized?
How do I get started?

Small-Time and (Relatively) Short-Term Investment?
How can I get a credit card without a job or credit history?
Credit card for a small business?
Delay in start of job: Is there precedent for getting compensation from my graduate school?
Help me r/personalfinance, you're my only hope! (Should I buy this condo?)
Started on my personal finance journey... what to do with cash I'm not investing? [UK]
I just bought a house.  Does anyone have some money-saving tips for a new homeowner?
Bestbuy financing for college student?
refinance, should I have have wife coborrow and joint credit?
22 with no credit - what to do?
First time investing, how will this affect my taxes?
Smart use of Credit Card? Making most of 2% cashback and discount offers.
55 years of rent = cost of house; any reason to buy?
What are the best credit cards for first time appliers? (US) 
100K prime-rate (3% currently) LOC, should I invest it? (CA)
Stock market, real estate, or small business? (USA)
Closing Credit Cards? (x-post to r/frugal)
If I make $40K in the state of Illinois, what can I expect to pay in taxes (in total) for the year?
best cash back credit card?
Boyfriend just bought a bike... how do you go about getting insurance?
My sister is over $100,000 in debt from student loans, any advice I can give her?
Should I open an amazon credit card to use exclusively with amazon?
19 years old with bussing job and getting 25 hours at least a week and saved 2000.where can i invest to start saving for retirement?
Changing jobs, considering using Roth 401k money to pay off credit cards, what say you PF?
Are prepaid credit cards a good idea?
401k 20% Employer Match Worth It?
Is there anyway I can turn multiple pre-paid cards into cash?
Just watched I.O.U.S.A, the documentary about the nation's debt. How does America's debt affect your future planning?
Replace one car payment with another and have two new cars, or have no payments and drive the clunker?
No credit, mother with almost perfect credit volunteered to co-sign. Best card?
Free online checking account for those with poor credit?
How do you find roommates? (USA)
Best multi-user personal finance iPhone app?
I never miss a payment on my credit card and am thinking about calling my bank to ask for lower interest rate. Is this feasible, and how could I negotiate it this?
Financial Aid Refund?
credit card debt strategy - consolidated loan? overdrafts? help!
About to sublet a room in Philadelphia and making my budget.  How does wage tax work?
If I always pay them off immediately, are there any downsides to store credit cards?
Mortgage underwater, what are my options? What would you do?
Does anyone else find unexpected expenses eating up every bit of extra income each month?
How Do Apt. Complexes Decide Who To Pick When Many Potential Tentants Apply?
Is this currently the most efficient way to split expenses with roommates?
Interest bearing checking accounts?
How does one pay for college without a willing cosigner?
Leaving job soon -- Vacation pay will put me in the next tax bracket, what should I do, wait until next year?
How are retired people living these days?
Do you pay fees twice with target date funds?
Starting my Career, looking for resources on what the appropriate debt to income ratio is?
How do you go about financial planning with a lot of unsure factors? 
Can I get an auto loan?
Reddit, how do you go about choosing a credit card?
Can anyone explain how income tax and tax returns work?
Received a Pay Increase. Are Roth Contributions Still a Good Thing?
Student loan questions?
Is this site worth the effort I'm putting into it?
Student - Keep upside down car payment, or sell at 
loss?
I have about US$35K saved up sitting in a low yield savings account with no plans, what more beneficial things can I do with it?
Should I close my Chase Savings account ?
Can I afford to live in Seattle, while working one minimum wage job?
What's a reasonable raise to ask for?
I'm looking to refinance my home and the best rate I have received is from CapWest Mortgage. Anyone have experience with them?
Should I just put all my money in a Target Retirement Fund?
Inheriting a decent sum of money soon, I want to allocate all of it against my debt. I won't be able to tackle all of my debt so what should I target?
I don't really care for my 401k choices, any suggestions?
My bank unilaterally closed my pre-real-estate-collapse Home Equity Line of Credit and now wants me to re-apply for a new HELOC instead of re-instating the previous terms. What should I do?
What would be the ramifications of buying some cheap real estate in, say, Detroit?
What is the difference between index funds, mutual funds, and exchange traded funds?
Tracking and Balancing Credit Card Receipts?
I've kind of been put into a bind this upcoming school year. I need to make sure I secure funds for off campus housing. Any tips on the best way to go about this?
Getting married to qualify for student financial aid - doable? 
I stay in hotels 4 days/week, pay for it and get reimbursed. I want to earn miles or points; what's the best credit card for me?
What to do when living in China?
My Citi Forward card just increased my credit limit without me asking. Is this normal?
Engagement ring: Cash, Credit or Finance?
Where do i look to get the best rate on refinancing a home? (more details in post)
Will bad credit of someone at my residence affect my credit?
Stay-at-home mom, divorcing for purposes of obtaining government/tax benefits?
should i get a credit card to build my credit?
Amex Blue Cash preferred or Costco true earning Amex?

Made over $80K from freelance this year and the checks are just written under my name. What do I need to do about having it under a business and what about taxes?

Can someone explain the legal fine print of mint.com to me as if im 7?
Advice on Questions to ask the Elder-law Lawyer?
To convert my IRA?
How does my college loan payments affect my parents credit?
Help buying a 'new' car, making $1700/week advice? Looking into Dodge Dart.
My chequing account bank just got bought by a bank I owe a lot of money to, are my funds at risk?
Seriously, can someone tell me what happened? Shit credit here.
(UK) I have £5,000 sitting in the bank gathering no interest. What should I do with it?
Any reason why I shouldn't contribute 100% to TSP?
r/personalfinance, I am thinking about purchasing my first home and I am going to be doing it alone...how much money do I need in my savings as a "cushion" after I close?
ING Bank of Canada to be sold to Scotiabank: So what now?
401k Investment help?
Is higher purchase a wise investment?
What books related to PF are on your must read list?
What to do with 401k after leaving company?
It's my first job.  I did really well this year and got a bonus.  What's the smartest thing I can do with my bonus?
Attempting to free myself from debt. Could some kind soul(s) look at my bills/cash flow and offer suggestions to best accomplish this?
Is high turnover ok within a 401k?
How much equity should I cash out of my Mortgage? 
What are the things to consider when shopping around for new Homeowner's insurance?  When I bought my house the bank set me up with Farmer's (possibly suspicious behavior described below, as well.)
Alliant Credit Union mobile app limits?
Company changing 401k provider?
How do I make the most of $10,000 in two years?
Has anyone here used an IRA to pay for educational expenses? Help needed...
What should I do with my emergency fund?
Having trouble refinancing due to loss of equity. What are my options? 
Closed Oldest Account - Should I Wait to Buy a Home?
Take 401k consideration in mint.com net worth?
Opening a 403b - recommendations?
Home Purchase Timing?
How do mortgage defaults work in the US? 
I have to empty my inherited IRA within 4 years and report it as income. How can I minimize the taxes on this extra income?
Having Trouble Building Credit - What am I doing wrong?
I've used Mint for years but it's budgeting is not particularly flexible. What do you use?
How am I suppose to go to college?
How much to spend on engagement ring?  Tips related to judging them?
Working with a Debt Collector on Medical Bills.  They Want Balance in Full, it is not possible for us to do so.  What are the next steps?
Denied credit card (American Express ) with a credit score of 717 and being 20 seems to be the problem. Where should I get a card then?
Can anyone help me figure out my Well Fargo bill?
Is gap insurance worth it?
Does it make sense to have whole life insurance policy if you're single?
Student loans, Credit card debt, and other payments - what goes first?
How can I grow my savings?
What on earth is my dad doing to my custodial fund? :( Please help
My budget for review and what should I do with $1100? 
Best tax efficient investing for a 1099 employee making 150k-200k a year?
Foreign credit card purchases: USD or foreign currency?
Unemployed and almost out of savings... Options?
Separating my money from my organization's money?
I'm a high school student starting university next year. I expect to have around $45k saved up in total, but will likely still need $15k~ in loans. How do I allocate my cash? (CA)
Is it possible to pay student loans individually?
How do you consolidate federal student loans once you're married?
Going to get serious about my finances from here on out. Anyone care to tell me what in my plans are right or wrong?
How can I learn *all the things* about investing?
We love to (try to) save, save, and save for the future.  However, what nonessential expenses do you justify spending every month (or year)? (and related questions)
My wife has great credit. I claimed bankruptcy and forclosed in 2009. We are looking to buy a new home. What should we do?
Just got offered a promotion: How do I negotiate the best accompanying raise without seeming ungrateful?
New Roth IRA: Lifecycle funds?
Is there a way to get cash from my account without using an ATM?
How many of you are actual financial planners?
Moved into a new apartment, supposed to be clean, and it was a mess. What can I do?
What are your cell phone carriers? How much do you pay? How is the service where you are?
Recent grad, 58k salary, 0 debt. How to plan accordingly? 
Should I Buy a House Now and Possibly Withdraw from Roth IRA? Or Find Something Less Expensive?
College students renting to own...yay or nay? (xpost from real estate)
Credit score not great, but I think it should be, and I want to buy a home sometime in 2013; what can I do now?
Feeling stable financially, what to work on now?
What's your credit score?
Williampaid.com?
Great ways to build credit?
How accurate is Credit Karma's Credit Simulator?
Any way to get a free credit score?
how long does it usually take to recoup the cost of purchasing a house?
Applied For BoAmericard 2 Weeks Ago, Says To Wait 30 Days But Shows Up On CreditKarma?
Which Credit Card Usually Offers The Highest Limit?
I tend to worry a lot about money, but should I really?
Unless you're becoming a doctor (or something similar) what's the point of all these young Americans racking up all this college debt from going to private universities for less than ideal majors (art, music, etc)?
What is the best piggy bank for kids to learn about personal finance?
Student loan refinance, is it possible?
So what about us broke idiots? Where to start with limited income/ possibly mistaken past investments/ babies on the way?
I'm 24 years old.  Should I elect to have my 401k contributions be a diversified mix of 100% stock investments?
How much money is enough to live comfortably? 
Any recommendations for gas cost-cutting or saving?
Birth/Christening gift - Gold Soveriegn?
89k in Student Loans! Should I invest in apple stocks?
How much of my money should I save?
Where should I keep savings for large purchases such as a car replacement?
Cleaning up my credit report, waiting for results of dispute -- credit karma indicates a change on report?
Where to focus money now?
I bought a car, and I'm sort of regretting it. Did I mess up?
Is there a place to compare 2 mortgage situations, with a lot of variables?
30 years old - am I spending too much of my salary? (UK)
Paying off credit card before statement?
I'm 17 years old and just recently got $1,500 for graduation. Instead of blowing it on Xboxes and laptops, I want to use it to make other money. What should I do? (X-Post)
Denied a Discover Card, what's my problem? Where do I go next to improve my credit?
TSP vs. 401(k)?
Saving after college...how do I do it correctly? 

Any advice on how to earn additional side-income?
Buying a home on contract for deed - your thoughts/experiences...? (My apartment sucks so much ass - I want out.)
Paying off Federal Perkins Loan online- is ACS-Education website the place to do it?
Is there any way to truly see every single debt you might have out there? Also question on credit report.
Getting a bonus in 2 weeks - does it go towards debt or savings?
I see a lot of anti-Sallie Mae posts. What is a better alternative?
[Question] Do you consider Retirement funds part of your 'net worth'?
$250k winfall. Pay off condo, buy a bigger house or invest in real estate?
Young. No Debt. What should I do with $170K?
It's not interest rate you look at when deciding which debt to pay first, but which debt accrues the most amount of interest. Right?
How often should I be contributing to my Roth IRA?
What are some tips that you have learned the hard way that you don't think would ever be published in a book?
Is Credit Karma actually worthwhile?
Balance transfer with little income?
Living in a house that isn't mine yet. Probate is still open, but I am the sole beneficiary. I need a new roof. Can anyone help me with financial options?
There is a lot of discrepancy here about credit limit usage.  How much should I be looking to use?
Single, 29, New Job with 100K income. Want to Buy my First Property. What Can I Afford? (Personal $ Details Inside) 
$250,000 in liquid assets &amp; no debt, but low income. How to plan for the future?
Does it matter which mortgage lender I go with? Are APR and closing costs the only thing to consider?
Was just laid off, anything I should make sure I do?
"Overspending" to save on the long term ? (CA)
What were your money mistakes so far this year?
Are there any banks/financial companies that you think are going to lose a lot of customers or even go out of business in the next 5-10 years due to not keeping up with technology?
Inheriting a house that is left to me and my 2 brothers. It is paid off but in pretty bad shape. What should I do with it? 
Can someone help clarify what this means for me (401(k))?
What is a good sized emergency fund for a college student with limited spending/bills?
Should I move my money? A Bank of America customer wants the 4-1-1
So my paycheck was direct deposited last night at midnight with $636 more than is usually on there. They wouldn't give me a raise without telling me, would they? What do?
I have no credit history, not enough money on hand for a secured card, and have been denied by my bank (Chase) and Capital one for starter credit cards due to insufficient history. How am I supposed to start building my credit?
Small claims court - advice?
(CA) I recently discovered that a bill for an alarm system at a house I have not lived in for almost two years was sent to collections over 6 months ago and has dropped my credit score by over 100 points.  What do I do?
What happens in you can not adequately prove something that you claimed on income taxes?
Considering returning my lease early...am I making the right call?
Borrow to buy a car?
Hard credit pull dropped 16 points off credit score?
Thinking about taking out a $1k loan to establish credit. Thoughts?
I had a 401k with my last company. I was notified they put my money into a rollover IRA as cash. What does this mean, and what do I do next?
Used car from a dealer - what's a good downpayment? 
First credit card with $500 limit. Better to get close to limit each month and pay off, or utilize a lower amount? 
Why do corporations get taxed on their income after expenses, while individuals get taxed at a corporation's equivalent of top-line revenue?
Can someone generalize the return rate of each investment category?
Pre-approval for a home loan- too soon?
Changed jobs and have money in previous employers 401k.  What should I do?
Help me understand my allocation options?
Is having a credit card closed on you a bad thing?
Worth it to switch to a different investment site?
Mom inherited special needs trust, can it be used to repay loans?
I just got a new job and essentially doubled my income. What things should I know? What should I do with my extra earnings? Help!
I occasionally get these thick reports from funds that I guess I have as part of my 401K or IRA.  Is there anything in there I really should read?  I don't see myself reading the whole thing.
Has anyone here bought a paper I-Bond using a tax refund? What was the process like and where do you keep your certificate?
Help with santander? any similar experiences?
Father in law co-signed our mortgage, will that affect our taxes?... with refinance question included.
My debt is freaking me out. I hardly know where to begin; can anyone offer me advice?
Should I transfer to a low interest credit card or just keep it where it is 'til it's paid off?
Aggressively pay off debt? Or put more to savings?
How do I stand? Help me come up with a plan!
No 401K, planning on Roth IRA. Enough for retirement?
Opinions on Vanguard LifeStrategy Growth fund? VASGX
Not sure if I should pay my credit card bill in full this month...?
How can I have my money keep up with inflation?
Anyone use Mint's Credit Monitoring?
Is there a difference between medical and non-medical collections items on a credit report?
As an accountant I find this very embarrassing. I have trouble budgeting my own personal finances. Anyone got any tips/advice?  (UK)
I have royally screwed my academic future by attending 6+ different colleges and universities, and now I owe them a lot of money. Is there anything I can do?
I have about $50000 that I'll need to use as the year goes by, but in the meantime- what can I do to bring it good use?
Is my employer's 403(b) the best place for my retirement money?
Emergency fund - categorized &amp; separate accounts or one big slush fund?
At 24, I've earned at least 35 credits out of 40 credits for Social Security Retirement - is this normal?
How much is a good guideline for having a nice meal out?
Got a new job. Used to have 401k and now 403(b). Cant figure out what to do?
Debt Collector called to reduce my debt by almost half, is this legit?
Just got the Capital One VentureOne Card. 1.25 miles/dollar spent. Any tips on how to maximize miles? Here is what I've learned. 
401k: Roth, Traditional, or both?
FHA Mortgage, do I put down the minimum?
How can I help my parents control their finances more effectively without my opinions getting shot down?
How can I refinance a private student loan? I only have 1 and no bank so far will let me consolidate 1 loan.
What are the options for financing a private transaction with a seller who wants cash, besides high-interest cash-advances?
I've got a lot of credit card debt between two cards. Is a personal loan to pay them off a good idea?(ND,US)
About to take a new job. Is it ever a good idea to take your currently employer's counter offer?
Does cancelling a credit card actually lower my credit score? (CA)
I'm about done with ING. Anyone else feel the same, or has been glad they left? 
Opened and cancelled my J.Crew credit card within 2 days... any fallout on credit score?
Best tax preparations for independent contractor?
Thought experiment: if you dropped into a coma now, how would your finances look in 30 years?
Green investor looking to get in. Should I wait?
Can I cash out a portion of a 401K and put it in to an IRA?
What is your suggestion for a really simple in/out personal finance software/solution?
Where should I shop around for a business loan?
(US) How do I find the right credit card?  Tips on rebuilding credit?
I have $1800 in student loans at about 2% interest. Is it worth paying it off or letting it go for credit rating purposes?
Do I borrow the entire amount of private student loans I need or do I do it by year?
current college student just paid off credit cards, now what?
What should my risk tolerance be? 
The Millionaire Next Door AKA How to Die A Miser?
Save for a car or invest?
/r/PersonalFinance is great for advice on saving, investing an financing. The great question is how does one go about making this money to start with?
New to investing - how do ETFs work?
First pension: how much to put in and how risky to be 
with the investments?
Can anyone give me a summary explanation of US vehicles related to Canadian?
What is "mortgage equity optimization?"
Life Insurance for 22 Year Old?
Invest in RRSP (long-term retirement) or put everything against mortgage? (CAN)
AMEX offers credit monitoring for $15 a month with twice-monthly access to all three credit reports and credit scores. Anyone use this?
How to refinance with current lender?
HELP: Do I have any rights to a savings account that was opened in my name as a minor?
I'm about to pay off my car loan in full.  Is there anything I need to know or do beforehand?
Coming to my senses. (tips?)
Paying off the last dollar of a student loan account - anything else we need to do?
How significant of an impact on my credit rating will cancelling my first credit card have? (Details in thread)
So, I just found out someone stole my ID.  Now what?
let's do something fun: post about your current PF plan - i.e. what you're doing/planning to do with your money.  are you running into any troubles?  things going better than expected?
What's the best way to preserve wealth across 5+ generations?
Girlfriend's mother is going to declare bankruptcy in CA. What should she know? 
Does applying for credit cards hurt your credit score?
Best paying dirty jobs? (X-post from /r/AskReddit)
Seasonal job, lots of per diem, what to do?
(CA) Offer from my Bank to increase my CC Limit. Myths/Facts about it ?
15mpg is costing me $75 per week. Lease or buy a new one?
Borrow to invest?
Moving out of the country for work - consolidate beforehand?
Anything special I need to know about paying bills for others?
Private Student loan to pay off CC debt?
Ditching Wells Fargo and Getting new Credit Card. Help?
Why should I hold bonds?
usage-based/pay as you drive auto insurance?
Is there anything in the near future that might impact Mortgage rates?
Where to keep savings for a down payment for a house?
Will a Target Retirement Fund provide compound interest in a Roth IRA?
Student loan payments expected to almost TRIPLE next year. Help, please?
Turning a situation around. Ideas? (CA)
Traditional non-deductible IRA vs a taxable 
account: Is the difference just income tax vs capital 
gains tax at withdrawal?
Do Charles Schwab and Ally give the same service for their checking account?
How long does Capital One take to report my credit to debt ratio?
Any "peer lending" for non-US citizens (Europeans / Slovenians)?
College Student looking for help getting on Financial Track, Help?
Personal finance where to start?
Should I be paying the ENTIRE balance on my credit card every due date or just the statement amount?
My corporate 401k allows me to self select and invest in the stock market as I see fit. Good idea?
Failed Credit Karma Identity Verification. What now?
Template for a simple Excel budget?
How do I know when or if my flex miles/reward points expire?
25 f with no debt and no problems inherited 25k what would YOU do?
I made under $5000 in a part-time job as a 1099, how much should I save for income taxes?
What's the deal with annuities? [UK]
I'm Starting A New Savings Experiment...what do you think?
How do I ensure my mother has access to my accounts if I die suddenly?
How can I use the recent Fed announcement, to buy $40 billion in mortgages, to my advantage?
How many credit cards should I have?
Simple IRA vs Roth IRA?
Wife, Child, Dog and I buying a house. Want to help with the numbers?
I found this to be a very useful resource, perhaps we can add it to the sidebar? CNN Money 101
Asset allocation (including cash)?!
23 years old and saw my credit score for the first time, 552, am I in a bad place?
Where should I allocate my money in my T Rowe Price 401k?
What's the financial responsibility of a pet?
Can I start a 529 (college savings plan) for my nephew?  
How much money is enough to be considered "well off" or "financially stable?"
Is it better to set up bill pay through my bank to pay credit cards; have my credit cards automatically deduct from my checking account; or does this even matter?
Insufficient credit? What do I do? 
Is a Vanguard Targeted Retirement Account diverse enough? 
(HELP?) Apartment Management (false) Credit Reporting
24 y/o engineer w/ Roth IRA. Should I go traditional 401(k), Roth 401(k), or a blend? 
Getting a store credit card and paying it off with another credit card - double benefits?
Investment Property in Manhattan - good or bad idea?
Does anyone else wonder about why payment sites seem to have more downtime??
Is there any benefit to starting new accounts with multiple online banks?
Should I focus on building a six month emergency fund or paying off my debt?
Are Long-Term Disability Insurance and Life Insurance Worth Purchasing?
Savers are losers with indefinite QE3: So where are we suppose to put our money to keep up with inflation?
Why do banks never show interest rates for deposits 
of any sort over $999,999.99?
Alternative to Schwab? But with similar features.
Can we buy a house?
If my LLC earns 100k and I want to contribute the max 25% to my SEP-IRA, does the LLC need to pay me the full 100k?
When did this subreddit become so defeatist?
Mint.com. Cool, but what about accurately budgeting income and expenditures on a bi-weekly basis?
What are the ramifications and cons of a 401k and IRA?
Leaving my job soon but have a 401K - what happens now?
Can a bank convert a mortgage loan into a home equity loan?
Has anyone else fallen into the BillMeLater hole?
Premium-Back Term Life Insurance?  After 20 years you get the amount you've contributed in premiums back. What am I missing?
Debating perusing a Home Equity Loan in the next few years, any advice?
When can I say I've got enough of a head start and learn to enjoy my money?
Should I maximize my contribution to my ESPP and use it to pay off student loans?
advise on repaying student loans. How should I attack them? Any suggestions?
Refi now or wait for QE3 to lower rates?
My bank is telling me I need title insurance for a home equity loan, is this true?
A different approach to retirement. Is it stupid to skip the traditional 401k and IRA's?
I feel like my wages are being garnished, but I'm not sure. How can I tell (in California)? 
I'm an engineering student, how much is too much student loans debt?
Can I change to a different credit card without erasing my history?
I am 21 and I am wondering what are some important things that I should keep in mine regarding fiances?
What to do with meager savings?
My company doesn't have any retirement planning programs.  What can I do on my own?
At my new job I make $2600 a month after taxes. How much savings should I accumulate before investing?
where would you put 200k cash to work for you right now?
Which real estate funds should I invest in?
Questions from a finance newbie: Should I start a retirement savings plan now? If so, how?
What is the most inexpensive way to get prescription glasses?
Is Simple a Good Bank?
24, employed, no debt but no credit either: how best to proceed?
If you are living at home, how much of your income are you saving and what are you saving for?
For the past two years I've been making a very good income but my net worth is negative. How do I get on track?
I am a college student looking to build a credit history, what is the best way to go about this?
401(k) rollover?
Does anyone know a software that tracks spending in different categories and breaks it down into average per month and min/max type information?
Where can I put my money so that I have access to it but I still get a decent interest rate?
What bank do I switch to after college?
Establishing credit history &amp; good rating- is there any difference between paying off student loans directly or via a credit card?
Is there an easy way to track the value of paper US Treasury bonds?
I have saved $15,000 that I want to use to pay off a student loan (in full). Also, I have never owned a credit card. Is there a smart strategy to use for paying off these loans, that will help build credit as well?
Should I max out my contribution to my 403b?
Anyone having trouble accessing Mint.com?
I won't be eligible to participate in my employer's 401k until June 2013. How should I save for retirement in the meantime?
401K Vesting?
Putting cash into 401k/RRSP, Roth/TFSA, etc and think you're saving? Read this. 
At my wits end and very close to dumping a few thousand via balance transfer on a card and not paying it. What are my repercussions? Other options?
22 yr old college student here, financial endeavors, marriage?
I've recently struck it (moderately) rich, what should I do to when the tax fairy comes?
I have accounts with two different credit unions with less than $2000 between them. Is this unwise?
Just realized that Edward Jones has a conflict of interest, what should I do with my savings?
Is it a good idea to refinance soon with a recent delinquency or wait? 
Debt Settlement: Can someone explain it to me?
Good beginners book for learning about personal finance?
Personal loan from a credit union to pay off credit card debt?
Refinance, pay extra each month, or pay off mortgage entirely?
An easy way to calculate what my benefits are worth?
How is student loan interest capitalized?
Need to show sulf-sufficiency for immigration status, and money from relatives doesn't count. What can I do?
What should do with my secured CC with BofA now that I have an unsecured one with Chase?
Received $20k in cash that I need to hold onto for six months, at which point I need to give it back to the original owner. What are the best ways to make money from this money, without losing the principal?
Young and thinking about buying a house. Am I overlooking anything?
I've worked many places recently and believe I had retirement benefits at each place.  How do I track that money down and consolidate?
Thoughts on Wells Fargo Cash Back College Card?
OK, so a loan application will cost me on my FICO; does it make any difference whether I actually take the loan or not?
[Request] Automated means of enforcing Bogleheads?
How to achieve goal of $60k/year passive?
Do I want an IRA or a Roth-IRA?
Hoe to plan for liquidity?
Why borrowing to acquire a car is deemed "okay" by the society, but borrowing to acquire something else (e.g.: a laptop) is deemed as overspending ?
401K to Roll-over IRA to ROTH IRA?
Company Roth IRA or Personal Roth IRA?
Broke up with my girlfriend, should I get rid of my jewelry store credit line?
Paying off 3 loans of different size, rate and duration.  How do I best allocate my payments to minimize the cost of the loans?
Student loan in (administrative) forbearance - will this hurt me?
Can anyone please help me with credit card debt follow-up? [USA]
Why does my amount paid towards principle and interest change on a monthly basis with my Federal Student Loan?
Personal finance Reddit IRC?
how to save for retirement (not eligible for IRA or 401k)?
Loan Options?
Will mortgage rates fall below 3%?
Is it better for rebuilding my credit to pay my CC balance on the fly or wait for the monthly bill?
I'm young, how should I manage my money?
Independent Contractor. 1st year What should I do with all the money I'll have to pay in taxes come April? 
Northwestern Mutual is trying to sell me whole life insurance, what variables should I consider when deciding whether or not it's right for me?
(US) Recently applied for and received credit card. $100 bonus if $500 spent in first 3 months. Bought 5 $100 Hess gas cards online for $507.00. Why do I feel like that was too easy?
Is this a ponzi? Company that buys insurance policies from people that desperately need $$ and are close to dying, lends them the $$ then cashes in on insurance after death.  They are trying to get my parents to invest with guaranteed return to fund their business.
Can a credit card charge you interest after the balance is paid off?
Invest or settle the debt?
Should I reset the min payments on my loans so I can allocate the extra amount to the highest interest loan?
I just got laid off with 8 weeks of severance pay, how do I make the most of it?
Can someone tell me what I would need to do, as far as investing, saving, to have a steady income of $2500.00 a week after taxes?
Tools like Mint that allow you to upload bank statements?
Estimated cost of NYC rent/utilities/basics? Future budget help for big salary but HUGE debt.
Methods to tracking who stole my Credit/Debit card number?
Pay off student loan and other debts or save for Master's program?
Good Idea or Bad Idea? I just re-disclosed my 9 Student Loans to recalculate my payments based on current principle
Buying a car:  Travel 100 miles per day for work.  Advice?
Student Loans or Mortgage?
Is bankruptcy an option at 22?
Taking time off of school, how should I start paying off the loans?
Just getting started.  Do you guys have any pointers for someone a bit younger?
So let's say r/collapse is right, how could I protect my 401k?
Little debt, 5k emergency fund, 15k left...what do you advise?
Take a loan from my 401k?
Is it wise for me to save money or should I put debts?
I discovered taxes won't be taken out of my paycheck. What should I do with the money while waiting for tax day?
Help! One negative account and my credit score is in the pits. What can I do?
Is it a bad idea to use my salary strictly for saving and my fiance's salary strictly for our living expenses?
Just started receiving some income for the first time, saving tips?
House took major water damage during storms last year. Home equity loan to fix?
US - What is the safest and most reliable credit reporting website?
Can you explain to an idiot noob how a budget is made?
I'm pretty much set up, should I stop saving and just enjoy myself?
Can I stop using my Credit Cards?
Can I convert/transfer a variable annuity to a Roth IRA?
Am I saving too much for my Retirement?
Really quick question. Is my wife not making enough to have taxes withheld? (details inside)
My wife and I are trying to instill good money managing habits in our 9 year old. Any help?
How much do you have left at the end of the month?
The 20% rule of saving for retirement. Pre-tax or post-tax?
Just had a baby. Should I start a 529 plan for him?
This is a long shot, but are there any dual-citizens with advice for this?
I have a carryover IRA from a previous employer 401(k).  Should I continue to contribute to that carryover IRA or create a new IRA to contribute to?
23 years old with about 7,000k in credit card, student loan, and car payment - should I go through a debt consolidation company? suggestions?
29 yo, $10k debt, should I withdraw 401(k)?
Should I open an account with Ally?
Hey Reddit Credditors, what credit card has the best rewards program?
Has anyone in /r/PF done a private-party sale of a vehicle? Success/Horror stories?
I have gone my whole life with only a Visa and Mastercard. Does anyone think it is necessary to also have an American Express? (IE one of each of the big 3)
2013 Predictions:  Pay off mortgage or invest in stocks?
deducting computer cost from taxes? 
How should I put $20K away?
I have my IRA in a Vanguard Target Fund.  In the near future, I want to move my money out and into commodities like Gold. Does Vanguard charge me for doing this?
Hey guys, i was thinking of starting a savings account. What should i be looking for?
Pay off my motorcycle loan, or pay normal payments?
My Lifestyle is Now All Cash Based. 
What is the Best/Easiest way You Know of to Track Daily Spending using Just Cash?  
Gift tax question re: multiple gifts from one person?
Opinion: Things that negatively impact your credit... Shouldn't they positively impact it too?
How to choose a CPA?
I am 19 -- just started being responsible with my money and using Mint.com to track everything. Can someone explain savings accounts and investments to me? (US)
How often should I get a new credit card?
What happens to my student loans if I die?
Double my house payments or add to my savings? Which is the smarter decision?
Question on what to do with temporary higher income?
Post College: Living With Your Parents...Anyone Want to Share Stories? (Good or Bad)
Save more money while paying off debt, or pay off debt in larger lump sums while saving less?
Experian scores don't match up with Transunion/Equifax?
Has anyone else using MyEdAccount.com had this issue?
Track pension payments in net worth?
No outgoings, use full salary to buy to let?
What's up with my FICO score?
Legality of Piggybacking.  Can FICO Detect?
Can an older, near death person legally marry their own offspring in order to let them "inherit" the estate tax-free, since the "spouse" just continues owning it?
How do you track your transfers between investments/savings?
Credit card automatic payment backfired - now I have a late payment on my credit report. Any tips on goodwill adjustments and disputes?
Mortgage woes - advisor paying the difference the bank should be paying?
"Same tax bracket when you retire" - Traditional and Roth only give the same results if a flat tax. Progressive taxes favor Traditional, yes?
Collections on a Parking Ticket Affect Credit Score?
How Much to Contribute to a 401(k)?
Am I saving too much for retirement?
Experian requiring that I purchase a credit report in order to dispute an inaccurate item. Is this legal/reasonable?
When the stock market dips - what to do with 
retirement accounts (401k/IRA)?
Citi no cost - no appraisal - refinance from 5.125% to 3.75%. Am I missing something?
For the same reasons that young people should be equity heavy (high returns/long time frame to balance out high risk) should young people's equities be heavily weighted towards small caps and emerging markets?
What are my next moves to ensure financial security (US)?
Got married! Woo! Now what do we do with taxes?
50k in student debt, thinking of returning home - what's your thoughts?
Assess my finances. Am I too frugal?
Getting life back together.  Am I going in the right direction?
Can someone explain to me how stock's compound growth?
Tips on dealing with Sallie Mae? Best contact methods? Untangling some BS with them, as usual.
To put extra money on... Sallie Mae, car loan, or home loan? 
I just opened my first credit card with BofA. Is there anything I should know? (details inside)
Deposited a check into my bank account on Friday. Available Balance is far less than Present Balance. If I use my debit card as "credit" for purchases that go over my Available Balance will I still be overdrafted?
Is this something to be concerned about? How can I investigate it?
Is there anything can buy with a pre-paid Visa card that will increase in value? My rebate didn't come in the form of a check.
First Credit Card Statement just arrived. How do I pay?
Can I perform a direct deposit from aUS Bank savings/checking account to a credit union high interest checking account?
I need a good basic budget spreadsheet that I prefer not to pay for. Suggestions?
Chapter 13 Bankruptcy - once I've filed, no point in doing anything but following through? 
Car loan: Pay it off faster, refinance, or keep making original payments?
Company matches 401k with company stock...How often, if at all, should I sell?
I have 6 months to invest 1500-2000 dollars. What should I do?
I just paid off my 1800 dollar credit card balance (18% interest) in full. What debt should I tackle next?
Weekly deposits into Roth IRA or to a credit card?
What to do with unused credit cards?
Employer changed payments from every 2 weeks to twice per month - should I be worried?
How long did it take you to save up for a house?
Accidentally went into default on a CC. How to minimize the damage?
Is there a decent (free) online tool to help me track my spending?
When buying a rental property, what factors should a person consider in deciding where he/she will buy?
What is a balanced portfolio for under 30s look like?
As a single person, should I claim more on my W2?
I have $6000 left to repay on my student loan and I have an extra $3000 to do whatever with. Should I apply that $3000 towards the loans or should I use it for something else?
To convert my Traditional IRA to a Roth, or not to convert?
How can I re-finance a car if the banks are denying my loan applications?
Be brutally honest--how screwed am I? (~70k of debt, 22k/yr income)
Personal finance tracking troubles with inconsistent commissions-based paychecks, any tips?
Huge (to us) increase in rent -- what is the best course of action? FL, US
What to invest in next?
26/M Finally trying to put a dent in it. I want to raise my credit score/Prepare for a wedding. Opinions?
I need financial advice. Student loans, credit card debt... but also a huge raise coming in 2015. What should be my plan?
I can pay back my student loans off fast.. should I? (part 2)
Scenario: What will happen to my 401k/IRA if the government collapses? 
When I charge something on my credit card, should I pay it off immediately when I get home? Or should I wait until I get the bill in the mail?
Hello, does anyone here have any experience with Wells Fargo's PMA package?
If a company knows my personal bank account number and routing number can they know my name?
Alright so apparently someone's trying to apply for payday loans under my name. What can I do?
Saving for a house that I intend to buy within 6~8 years. Where would be the best place to grow this money in the meantime?
Does only paying minimum balance hurt your credit score?
Married Crew, how do you divi up expenses with spouse? Savings? Investments? Insurance?
I received my official property value notice (on a postcard) for the year from the county assessor.  My land value dropped $10K and my house value rose exactly $10K, so the total is the same.   Is this weird?  
Living paycheck to paycheck, helping mom with bills, student loans looming, need a plan to save?
Where to keep ~$40k for 6 months?
Help! Should I be applying more $$$ towards mortgage principal or towards retirement?
Should I use a balance transfer check to pay off my personal loan?

Parents on credit cards.  Unreasonable to ask them to stop using them post wedding?
Consolidate my CC debt or keep it where it is?
Help me understand how my student loan interest works? 
To buy or not to buy?  Any advice/insight is much appreciated!
How can I develop personal finance skills?
Need help dealing with collections agency?
If you have a small amount of extra money, is it ok to spend it?
Mint question: How do you handle reimbursements?
Do I hurry to pay off a student loan?
Sent validation letter to Dollar Rent-A-Car, very odd reply. Now what?
New job and salary - where do I put my new earnings? IRA? 401k? Or should I pay my loans first? Help!
Are government student loans deferred payment, deferred interest, or both?
How do I handle collection agency?
If I know I will be getting a refund for an item I purchased on my credit card, will not paying the amount I'm expected to be refunded by the time my monthly statement is due hurt my credit score?
Several student loans with same interest rate, which do I pay off first?
How good is a TransUnion FICO of 727?
How do I get over the negative 
stigma of taking on a second job?
Mint.com users, what do you LOVE about it, and what do you HATE about it?
Found "contribution fees" for my 401K...is this normal?
My first job, I'll make $60k with no student debt. My brother makes $55k, but once told me he has $100k student debt. How do I go about giving him money?
Why do I have to pay these people? [Weird Creditors]
What actionable advice do you wish you had gotten sooner in your life? 
Pay down student loan or accumulate cash before impending layoff? 
I'm prone to emergencies, so I have a savings for them.  Would I be better of using it to pay off my loans?
Should my 4-year old son's RESP be in this mutual fund (RBC Target 2025). If not, what should it be in?
Can someone review my situation? I think I have it "right".
Is Perk Street Debit Mastercard too good to be true?
Take on more student debt or pay upfront now?
How does not using my credit card affect my credit score?
Does anyone have any knowledge or experience in getting a private loan for a foreign school?
Where to buy a Credit Reports and Scores?
Is not retiring a valid option?
I need some clarification on CC limit. Should I be accepting as much as possible?
Pay cash or finance a car?
Helping my GF get her $3000 CC debt under control. Anyone know a good CC promotion to transfer that balance to?
Can you use a credit card to pay off student loans?
Helping my GF get $3000 of CC debt under control. Does anyone know of any current promotions for balance transfers?
How can I improve my credit score further?
Which credit score is closer to actual FICO score: Quizzle or Credit Karma?
ATM Surcharges Skyrocket – No More Free Checking?
Invest or Pay off loans?
What happens to my wife's 401k when she leaves her job?
How does owning a home make you save on taxes?
/r/PersonalFinance, I tried my hand at my own one year budget! How did I do? (CA)
I'm turning 18 soon. Is it a good idea to get a (RESPONSIBLY USED) credit card when I do?
Is it a bad idea to put student loans into forbearance to pay off Credit Cards?  
How can I best use stock payout to payback student loans?
How to handle student loan debt?
How is my new budget, and what would you do with this bonus?
no debt, no real expenses, decent job... what's the best use of money?
Should I cancel my credit cards before getting another, or keep using them to improve my credit rating?
Any advice for combining 2 car loans? 
Is buying property the right first investment for me?
I graduated college this year, a couple years ago I received $35k that I invested, should I now use that money to pay off my student loans?
Student Loan Debt - In deep and have a few options. What is best?
Should I put my small savings toward my student loan debt?
When is property (land) the cheapest?  Is there a rule of thumb answer?
How much should I put down on a new car?
Do you use an investment advisor?
I just got a loan for 11k to wipe of my debt, should I use my credit card for point value and wipe it off at the end of the month?
Authorized user of parent's credit card for 4 years. I want out. What should I do?
Is there a downside to open another account for savings?
Advantages of American Express credit cards? 
I work at a bank.  Can they require I maintain an account with them for Direct Deposit?
How long did it take you to build your 6month income emergency fund?
xpost /r/real estate - First house.  Deciding between fixed vs. ARM.  Advice?
I wait tables and make an erratic income, much in cash. Is there a calculator where I can input my monthly take home and get an approximate before tax annual income estimate?
My employer uses Nationwide as a 401(k) provider, and the fees are very high. Has anyone convinced their employer to switch providers? Where can I get info on provider offerings for employers?
Where do you save for big long-term purchases (house, car, etc.)?
What do you think of this mutual fund allocation?
Wife wants absolutely nothing to do with finances - stresses out and rages when involved - how do I get her interested and caring about it?
I am trying to help a young adult relative who was led into ruinous debt by her father. Should consider filing for bankruptcy?
Home ownership as a path to financial freedom. Stupid idea?
/Personalfinance, I'm genuinely curious--How did Mitt Romney end up with $100 million in his Roth IRA? 
Pay lump sum towards loan, or Roth IRA?  How do I decide which is better?
Does a vacation count as 'savings' or 'wants' in the 50-30-20 rule?
I am upside down on my truck and want out. Any advice?
Goverment worker- Deferred comp (nationwide) worth it?
Know Your Client/Customer forms. Do I really have to do this every year, or is it a scam to sell me life insurance?
Just got approved for a 0% apr balance transfer, on half of my current debt. How should I deal with the other half?
Close to buying first home, will it sink my emergency fund too low?
Can you help me r/personal finance?  I'm a new grad with my first big girl job!
How do I prioritize my savings goals?
Is there any "value" in having a cash emergency fund as opposed to a bank one?
First Full-Time Job - What do I do?
Got a new job. How should I proceed with my 401k and company stock?
Nobody will refinance my mortgage! Any tips?
Credit card debt or federal subsidized loan?
Conversion of 401k to Roth IRA for a down payment on a home?
All financial institutions are eager to do away with paper statements.  Why no public API or application to periodically fetch them as PDFs?
What to do with down payment money in a Roth IRA for the next 2.5 years?
Should I have life insurance?
Will I take a 10% penalty fee from my 401k to Roth IRA conversion?
Just noticed i will be late on a payment how bad will it hurt my credit score?
/r/Personalfinance, I need your help. My car required extensive repairs and my plan to pay for my school tuition has fallen through... Is it even possible to get $1k in a week?
What should I do with my money: keep it in an emergency fund or use it to eliminate a student loan?
Recently got married.  Wife has student loans and I have the finances to pay it all off right now with a sizable chunk of change leftover.  What should I do?
What to do with $20K?
I applied for my first credit card over a month ago. The status is still pending. Should I move on?
Who should I consider for 401k and IRA advice and planning?
Which bank for an emergency/goal fund?
Have about $50k I expect to use in a few years as part of a house downpayment. Thinking about putting it in a "permanent portfolio." What does /r/pf think?
Working in Germany (What should I do?)
In our situation, are store credit cards a good idea?
re: Roth IRA. Why would your tax rate be higher in retirement than it is while working?
How does signing up for credit card promos only to cancel them 3 months later effect your credit score? (CA)
Questions on building credit with credit cards-will paying off a credit card with a credit card help build credit?
How to invest $500 a month starting with nothing?
W4/IRS calculator accuracy?
Contribute to Roth IRA or invest in obtaining private pilot license?
I want to take advantage of the low mortgage interest rates but am not in a position to buy a house right now.  Is there any way to secure current rates for the future?
Is it true that most managed funds will not beat the index in the long run?
Hey guys, anyone have a "Buying first home" or "Buying a house costs" spreadsheet to share? (CA)
Do you ever offer unsolicited financial advice to relatives?
Getting a first internship, how do I not spend all my money?
Does a better solution exist for my wants/needs? Been trying YNAB but think I need something different. Want to set goal amount and see breakdown on time to get there and progress.
How much do you tell people you make annually and what is your actual monthly take-home pay?
To Refinance Mortgage or Not?
What items do you routinely buy online for cheaper that most others buy in local stores?
Should I pay off my 10% loan from an 80/10/10 setup if I plan on Moving in the next year or so?
More than 3/4 of my six-figure net worth is in cash. What should I do?
Does the return on investment of owning a rental property surpass the market by so much that it's worth the effort?
My company offers a ROTH 401k and a regular 401k, should I even contribute to regular 401k?
Can someone ELI5 bonds and where to start to look to invest in them if you just graduated college?
Should I take the loan?
[US] Brother in law using mom's SSN. Any way to stop him?
(UK) 21 year old student with no debt and a small income - what's the best course of action?
Why is there no website that is somewhere between Kickstarter.com and Kiva.org to connect small start ups with crowd-sourced venture capital and to allow people to invest in new start-ups earning a better ROI than high-street banks savings accounts/bonds?
Is there a consequence to frequently losing your debit card?
What one personal finance lesson or piece of advice do you wish you could have learned sooner?  
Where to apply extra payments?
Want to open a straight savings account to stash money away...what is the best choice?
How do I find the cost basis for a stock when I have no records?
How soon can I refinance my car loan?
How do you guys find a good, kinda 
cheap auto insurer?
Any downside to closing a long-standing checking account?
(US) can you open a bank account at 17 without your parents?
Some advice please? It's not too late...I hope (CA)
At a crossroads in my graduate studies, can you guys offer some advice?
What to do with my savings? (Canada)
Why can't my mother cash her check?
I am a senior in high school. What can I do to give myself a financial edge later in life?
Should I re-allocate my money?
What "normal" things are tax deductable?
Is there a place you guys trust to get answers about common debt-collection questions? 
I recently came into about 70k.  No major assets prior to this. Here are my short and intermediate term goals...how can I get there?
Recently came into about $70k.  I'd like to start seriously investing, I'd also like to buy my first house soon, and I also have about $20k in student loans.  How to prioritize/allocate?
Can someone help advise me on how to rebuild my credit?
Is mint.com really safe to use?
Does The DALBAR Study Grossly Overstate The Behavior Gap?
I just got engaged, bought a house, and only started working full time a year ago. Can I afford a wedding by next September?
I'm trying to create a strategy with my fluctuating weekly income. I never know how much I'll make until the end of the week. Am I doing it right?
Should I write a lump sum check to charity? Or allow my employer to do (pretax) payroll deductions throughout 2013?
Getting sued for a debt. What am I supposed to do now?
If I open a new IRA/Roth IRA, is my initial investment counted towards/limited by the maximum yearly contribution limit?
My mom wants me to consider switching financial advisers, or get a second one. I already have one for free. Will you help me look at my last year's performance and tell me whether or not it would be worth the change?
Student from U.S seeking Bachelor degree in Europe, what are my student/private loan options???
Did you know you can get arrested for debt?
Quicken VS. Mint? (Both made by Intuit)
So if you do have to dip into your emergency fund, do you change your budget to recover quickly or let it happen naturally?
Investing my HSA - what should the portfolio look like?
Can I have my company matched Roth 401K held with a different company or am I stuck?
Thinking about staring a Roth IRA Schwab, can you tell me everything I need to know about it?
Secured credit card - how many years does it take for you to build enough credit to get a "real" one?
Globe Life and Accident Insurance any good? Looking for Term Life [x-post from /r/insurance]
Does anyone know anything about medical loans?
Should I graduate early?
To break a lease, or not to break a lease?
ELI5: What a Roth IRA is? What are the interests rates? Will I be guaranteed to contribute every year until I retire or is this method of retirement something that could fall apart? (Like how pensions are now becoming)
JSC Federal Credit Union stole $700 from my account to pay for my brother's negative balance. Is this legal?
Where do I go to understand my credit report?
What credit card(s) do you have and why?
Baby on the way. Should I invest in Real Estate or Stock Market for the long run?

78k: How do I manage it?
The credit score pulled by a lender was 40 points lower than the credit score the day before, what gives?
The credit score pulled by a lender was 40 points lower than the credit score I pulled the day before, what gives?
With time and energy, is it possible to RELIABLY make money in the stock/index/etc market?  Is it a "room at the top" scenario?
Large credit card purchase - pay it off at once or over time?
Just got my bachelor's and I'm starting a new job. What should I know?
Refinance condo at ~2% or take out student loan at ~8%?
First credit card, using about $130 of $300 limit for ONLY gas. Is this hurting my credit score?
Has anyone bought a house and rolled renovation costs into the mortgage? 
My credit rating is 750, I have a reasonably high salary, only ~3k in debt (motorcycle loan), and ZERO savings (recently paid off all other debts).  I'm renting.  Is it possible to buy a home with no downpayment in this situation?
Student loan and mortgage payment strategies – Biweekly?
Non Fanny Mae\Freddie Mac loan, upsidedown, with a second. Do I have any options?
Thinking about refinancing my mortgage w/ FHA streamline.  Never done anything like this before.  What should I know?
Dear Personal Finance, I've been told that making a large down payments on cars is a bad decision because dealerships pocket the money. How much validity does this statement have to it? 
I think the right move for me at the present is to open a Roth IRA. Thoughts?
Small windfall--help me figure out the best thing to do with it?
So, I got a call from a law office today that I owe a debt collector ~$800 for some overdue textbooks. It's probably legit, but is there anything I should know/do before I pay it?
24 yo College Grad with steady job in CA. When is a good time to buy a house?
College Loans?
Views on services like Mint.com?
how drastically will my interest rate change on my second auto loan?
Are Dave Ramsey seminars helpful or are they just proselytizing?
What should I do with an extra 100 I squeezed out of my budget?
What's the best way to save for baby's college fund?
Rollover 401k to something else?
Where can I get a decent exchange rate Euro -&gt; USD?
How should I put myself in a position to buy a house, were I to decide to do so, 3-5 years down the road?
Is there a worthwhile 0% Balance Transfer Fee Credit Card?
I am trying to improve my credit score.  Should I pay off my current loans or do the now timely payments benefit my credit score enough to offest the interest?
I am having issues paying my student loans. I was paying on them until I got laid off, and despite trying to get Sallie Mae to work with me, they sent it to collections. Do I have any options?
Is there an explanation as to why many employers' 401k plan options aren't great?
Theoretically, is it smart to take out a personal loan from a CU with a low interest rate to pay off a federal loan with higher interest rate?
Not sure if this is the right sub for this question. I just bought a house this spring on a VA loan. 30 years at 4%. I see interest rates are at an all time low now and I read about recasting a mortgage a while ago. How do I actually go about doing this?
Just had a default judgment entered against me on credit card debt.  I have no ability to pay; what happens next?
Help with a will?
Anyone know anything about LACUSC and filing for bankruptcy? I'm in dire need of help.
Afraid of making above minimum wage?
I'm in a relatively lucky position - what do I do now?
How do I wind up with less debt in the end? (Med School loans)
Canadian equivalent of the no-brainer Vanguard retirement funds?
Best way to store a large amount for a short period of time?
What is meant by "emergency fund"?
Hey PF, where do you keep your emergency fund?
Refinance a 30 year FHA mortgage currently @ 4.5%?
Payback auto loan or mortgage?
I'm currently a 1st year (US) medical student. Outside of setting up an emergency fund and living as frugally as possible, what can I do?
Should I be looking at gross expense ratio or net expense ratio?
Good sources for personal finance advice?
It's the end of Q3 2012. How's it going?
Going over a certain percentage of your credit can lesson your credit score?
When does it make sense to lease a car over buying one?
So can someone explain vanguard to me in simple terms?  Why is it such a slam dunk?
How many banks is too many?
Insurmountable debt... but it's not mine.  What do I do before it tears us apart?
How fast should I pay off student loans? Is it worth paying them off fast at the expense of building an emergency fund?
No 401k match: how should I allocate my savings?
How much house can I afford?  Or...why do online calculators think I can spend way more than I actually can?
Does anyone here have a Full and Final Release template? 
Is there any reason not to drop a significant chunk of my emergency fund in a TIPS fund? 
Where can I get a free credit check and will this check harm my credit? (Canada)
When is the optimal time to buy a new car?
I'm currently paying into a mandatory 403b and don't plan on staying at my current job for much longer, what options do I have when my employment ends?
How much rent can I afford?
spreadsheet for calculating income tax on pay stubs?
(AU) Since the Australian dollar is overvalued at the moment, is it a good idea to trade for USD, and wait until the value is balanced again?
I'm 16 and I got my first job. What do I do next?
Are we digging ourselves into a hole?
Something weird is going on with my bank account, can anyone help me?
We just had a son.  What do you think his college will cost, 18 years from now? (US)
How do I budget for car maintenance?
What is a good credit card with a lot of benefits from traveling a lot?
Applying for Student Loans, Fixed or Variable rate?
Which investment option is the best college savings account? Coverdell ESA or a state-sponsored 529?
We just had a son. What is the best way to save for his college, which the Reddit community established might be 300k, give or take 150k? (US)
My employer's 401k plan is pretty shabby.  I'm maxing my personal Roth, what else can I do?
How long to keep a job for a re -fi?
Are there any downsides to paying off a mortgage?
Need a laptop, but don't have the money right now... how bad would it be to take out a credit card?
Student Loans sold to Discover - what to know?
Should I recharacterize my Trad. IRA to a Roth?
What are your retirement plans personalfinance?
And how are you going to pay for it?
Should I pay off my car?
Should I pay $68 to a credit agency for a recent mark on my credit score?
Strategy to save for down payment for a house?
Does anyone know of an IRA Rollover Custodian that can hold stock that is not traded on any stock exchange?
How much of a buffer should you keep in your checking account?
I think of myself as pretty finance-savy, but I almost nearly got roped into a MLM program this weekend (paid for it and everything, in the middle of getting a refund as we speak).  What is your stupidest financial mistake that you thought you'd never make?
17K in the hole - What are the best debt consolidation options for a 22 year old that's self employed?
Should I contribute for my 401k if I plan on quitting/leaving in a year or two?
I'm about to move out and manage my own money for the first time. Any suggestions? 
Putting parents' assets in your name?
Things you forget to budget for?
How does taking a loan out of your home work? Also should I buy said house?
State Employees Credit Union if I'm soon to move out of state?
I just borrowed $2000 to pay off my maxed credit card. Was this a good idea, and how long will it take for my credit rating to increase?
Pay of car quick, or pay it off slow and save?
I just borrowed $2000 to pay off my maxed credit card. Was this a good idea, and how long will it take for my credit rating to increase? (AU)
Trying to start saving for a home, what's a good way to grow my savings over the next couple years?
Can I convert a traditional 401k to a Roth without rolling to an IRA?
What should kids know before they enter the "real world" or leave high school?
The classic question: Pay off loans or invest?
Paying off an unsubsidized loan with a subsidized loan?
My wife is quitting her job.  What to do with her 401k and pension?
Raise/royalties question? Maybe the right spot for this question!
Looking to Buy a Condo - Is my math sound? 
My income and expenses... suggestions for improvement?
International no-fee credit card?
Do I really need a credit card?
Freshman in College, just got loan check, what banking account should I get for the best bang for my buck?
How frequently do long-term investments typically compound?
What do You all think of PrePaid Debit Cards?
Got an invite to Simple (BankSimple), what now?
Where does a beginner start?  No seriously, a BEGINNER-beginner.
Most intellligent method of fund selection for a 401k?
Beginning/intermediate level resources on investing?
Is there a quick way to raise my Equifax FICO score 9 points?
What are revolving accounts? How to get more?
Could I be approved for a mortgage refi with a 626 credit score? 
How do you choose/understand Vanguard funds?
What do you think of LeeOnLife's advice for 401k?
Just laid off, what to do about credit cards?
Contribute to IRA or pay off debts?
I'd like to give my son a head start on good credit and financial independence. Ideas?
How to Add a Discover Student Loan to Mint.com?
I'm starting a new job. What should I do with my 401K from my previous job?
Will getting another credit card help with my credit score?
Any advice/books for someone who wants to travel first, retire late?
(US) Verizon sent me to collections.  I'm not - and never have been - a Verizon customer!  What do I do?
Just started college and want to plan for my future. Am I doing this right?
Has anybody heard of a company called Complete Savings? They've scammed my girlfriend out of £50 and she had no idea. (UK)
Does making partial payments on your credit card affect your credit score?
Student Loan for Non-Accredited Educational Program?
What should I ask the bank consultant about deposit account? (SE)
(US) Didn't realize my Homeowners insurance went up 40% until after it was paid. Can I change it to another company before the end of the contract?
Will having multiple checking or savings accounts have any negative effects?
(AU) Explain to me how interest rates work in a savings account? Doesn't 5.26% interest mean I will gain 5.26% ontop of what I currently have in my account at the end of the month?
Tips for saving for retirement while I'm not eligible for my employer's retirement plan?
Investing short-term, with a low amount of money?
Limit on how many times you can pay credit card online?
I have mutual funds. What is Edward Jones doing for me?
Should I exercise my stock options for my private company?
Best travel rewards card?
Is there a reason to keep two savings accounts?
Cancel my credit card or do nothing?
Credit card with phone/Text validation? 
I want to buy a house within the next three years but I still have student loans.  What should I do?
Finance Jockeys...  Which student loan should I pay off first? 
Should I get a 2nd credit card, request a credit limit increase, or do both?
To Apply or Not To Apply?
Accidentally opened 2 credit card accounts (same card)- will closing one account hurt my credit score/should I just keep both?
My husband and I have obtained and stockpiled 60k. 30k is sitting in 2 separate bank accts and another 30k in cash. What do we do with it?
Question concerning Stocks? When to buy, when to sell, or do nothing?
Dave Ramsey claims that it's possible to obtain a 15-year 
mortgage without credit through a process called, 
"underwriting" Is this legitimate? 
Best Credit Card for International Travel?
Bad credit in my past, but nothing recent. Is there anything I can do to speed up the credit repair process?
Any CFPs or CFAs on r/personalfinance available for an interview?
How do I go about re-establishing my credit?
Where should I allocate my savings and investments? (CA)
In Tight Spot:  Relocating cities for a new job, I have no car or money for a down payment, what are my options?
Buying my first used car, 2011 Mazda Mazda3 s Sport Hatchback, is this a good deal?
Rollover pension to 401k, IRA or Roth IRA?
I'm 26 years old. Does it make sense for me to own bonds at all?
Is it possible for my father to get a mortgage if he can prove that he has enough money even if it's earnt outside the country? [UK]
When is it a good time for short term investments?
Has anyone else tried just blindly investing in a index fund?
Roth 401(k): Target-Date Retirement vs Others. Your Recommendation?
Should I use a bank, credit union, or other for my first home loan?
Optimal net worth?
Best way to handle several small debts?
What should I do with 50k?  Details inside.
Would a personal loan be appropriate in this situation?
Played it smart in college, will be graduating soon with over 90k in the bank!! How should I invest wisely?
I am 23 years old. Is aggressively paying off student loans wise?
What is the best Cashback credit card to sign up for if the Goal is to use the CC to pay for all customary expenditures and then pay off the Credit Card every month in order to avoid interest?
Just hired after a long period of unemployment. Are my taxes taken out assuming I've made this amount the entire year?
Can I join USAA without being a military member? I have seen rumbling of being able to here and there
ING interest rate dropped again... third time in less than a year.. anyone else?
How to go about consolidating student loans?
Want to stop using my BoA checking account, but where to open another account?
Should I sell my stocks and invest into my IRA or just keep the stocks in the brokerage account?
I'm 26, about to graduate school, and finally ready to start making money. What now?
I've always been against the very idea of credit cards, but now find myself stuck when I want to rent a car. What's a very simple way to start using credit so I don't destroy myself in the future?
Can I close an account that has a negative balance?
Self-employed quarterly taxes? Confused
If you are planning to keep a car for a long time (on the order of 10+ years), wouldn't it make the most sense to buy it new?
On the Hook for a monthly payment, what do?
Are Annunities Insured?
I just received someone else's portfolio through an email. Isn't that a serious breach of privacy?
Use most of my 3-month emergency fund to help pay off student loan?
Where can I find information on savings small amounts?
Discovered last night that my SO of 2 months has some major financial problems. I have very limited knowledge of bad credit/debt and their implications. Advice?
Dependent FSA: use the tax-free FSA or take a deduction?
22 year old grad student starting savings - anything else I should know?
Got a pretty rad new job, Just graduated from high school and planning to go to community college next year, Do I have a better chance of getting FAFSA if I'm living on my "own"?
Is it bad to pay everything with a credit card?
The answer I'm sure is no, but for the sake of argument, any possible way of eliminating student loans?
What are the best credit and debit cards for rewards?
Is there anything I should know about 403(b)? It seems just as good as 401(k) 
Thoughts on Dave Ramsey's "The Total Money Makeover"?
How will this situation affect my credit score?
Shopping for Auto Loan - How do I go about shopping for a loan without continuously dinging my credit score?
I may have made a mistake, and I don't know how to fix it. I just up and stopped paying bills about a year ago. Student Loans, utilities, and cable. What is/could happen to me (I'm sort of afraid I'll be arrested, seemingly at random)? And what do I do?
Just defaulted on a federal student loan. Unsure what to do with current savings. How does this effect my future? How is my situation?
Is this a reasonable plan to borrow against an old 401k?
New Job, Soon to be New Car Purchase, thoughts on budget? 
Keep savings or clear student loan?
I'm a college student with no credit and no one to cosign, what are my options?
how much more did you earn at your 2nd full-time job?
I take home 64% of my pay in a high tax city / state. Is ROTH worth it?
Tried finding sites on which credit cards are best for my situation, none had my specific background.  Help?
Bond Bubble Question. Because of this, are all bonds including I-Bonds not a good choice for investment?
I have unsubsidized and subsidized loans! How should I tackle them? Defer, pay off? In what proportions? How?
33yr old, back on track after being flat broke. No debt, no family, dying to travel. What next? (SWE)
What are some things that high school students should know about personal finance?
I am in debt for a little under $3000 and I have come into enough money to pay it off, what is the best way to do it?
Does it make any sense to pay more than minimums on 2.125-3.25% student loans?
Appropriate to Negotiate Internship Salary?
Inherited ~13k; I have 16k in stafford loans. What is the most efficient way of using the inheritance to tackle this debt?
Use a Personal Credit Card exclusively for a new small Business?
Open new Personal Credit card instead of a Business credit card?
Does disputing an item on my credit report reset the statue of limitations?
How do you approach luxury purchases?
Should I get a credit card, even if I don't "need" one?
Suggestions for rebalancing debt and investment? My situation...
Student Loan consolidation question: Should I consolidate my loans?
Just out of school and working, need to get set up for success, how about some advice on student loans? (CA)
How do you know when you're set to retire?
opportunity cost of I-bonds as emergency fund?
I'll be moving to New York City soon, how much should I look to spend on rent?
Does paying off your loans early REALLY help?
What's the average credit limit across the US? (sources appreciated)
2 IRA ?'s
Can I move a personal annuity?
How do you guys "stow" money away for future goals and non-monthly budget categories?
(CA) I have zero Debt but I still feel like i'm not budgeting correctly.  advice?
What do you people do to talk yourself out of making an impractical purchase? Make compromises? pro and cons table? 
(CA) -  28/M - Transfer my pension payout to RRSP or against my student loan?
Better to pay points or pay off balance when refinancing mortgage?
Does investing in large companies that pay regular dividends of 3-6% a good idea? (CANADA)
Statute of limitations for IRS credit - am I SOL?
Am I exempt from Form 1099?
I've been getting calls from a debt collector, but they won't send me written proof of my debt until I agree to pay by a certain date. Any advice? Also, are they even legit?
"Potentially Negative" Credit: How do I dispute an old electric account issue due to a crappy landlord?
Sharing mortgage with SO. Good or bad? Any advice?
Interest free loans: what are the pros and cons of paying them off? (NZ)
Looking to work part time as a graphic designer. Should I start an official business for tax benefits (or are there any)? 
Student loans defaulted. Should I get an attorney to help me sort it out with the collection agency?
USA - WA state - I'm very strongly considering buying my first house. What should I know?
What would be the best way to pay off my students loans?
Are there any reputable companies that can help me fix my credit?
Tax implications of stock in merging companies?
Help me budget? (AU)
Reddit, I am 17 and have just recently came into $1,000 and want to invest it. What should I invest in?
$60k in student loans. Is it possible to negotiate/refinance interest rates?
What happens if you don't file for your tax return? 
How long should I be expecting my loans to take to pay off?
Is it a dumb idea to withdraw from my 401k?
Can someone explain to me inflation, time value of money and relation to student debt? If money loses value over time, isn't that a good thing for students who have student debt?
I'm trying to live off of $600/month, after rent, bills, etc. Is this realistic? 
Balancing work and leisure (should I take a PTO payout?)
Moving Unvested 401k to an IRA so i can withdraw to put it towards a downpayment for a home? Question about fees/taxes
Can someone help me understand why more taxes are taken out of each subsequent paycheck?
Help - Are credit card rewards/points/cashback taxable (United States)?
Rent Control Tenant Buy-Out: How Much? (xpost from r/sanfrancisco)
Getting married what happens to credit?
http://financialupside.com/15-financial-life-lessons-your-parents-forgot-to-teach-you/?goback=%2Egde_64830_member_175617397
Can I use student loan excess payout to pay off credit card debt?
If I withdraw funds from my Roth IRA to help with my house down payment can I put the money back in by the end of the year?
If you had 4K to invest right now, what would you choose?
What is the smallest percentage you would put down on a home?
Need help finding a good savings account with an online bank...???? help!
Question about a Roth IRA?
Hi r/pf, I need your personal/professional opinion: Buy a slightly cheaper semi-detached home or single detached home for slightly more? [First Home] [Canada]
What credit unions can you recommend for a 23 year old working in San Francisco?
What is your single most important grocery shopping tips? Let me start: I never shop when I'm hungry.
Credit repair agencies: who's good and bad?
Employee Stock Purchase Plans (ESPP) - Can someone give a simple explanation of how these work? 
Should I roll over my optional 401k to my new mandatory 401a?
Should I pay down my mortgage to get rid of PMI or make a full IRA contribution?
What finances should I keep in mind, and any other advice, about trying to move into my first apartment?
Health Savings Accounts?
Saving for a new house.  Should I be putting my down payment savings into the current house?
Should I roll over my optional 401k to my new mandatory 401a?
Benefits of Vanguard retirement accounts over Etrade?
Can you take out a personal loan to pay off another debt?
Boyfriend and I moving in together come December. What financial things do we need to keep in mind as a couple and how to make it easy?
Should I lower my 401(k) contribution % to save more for a down payment on a house?
I am dying to increase my tax allowances for more take home pay. How many do you claim?
Student Loan Q: Pay off student loans now or take subsidized loan?
Should I roll over my optional 401k to my new mandatory 401a?
Why do people get paid vastly different amounts for the same jobs in different countries?
When should I rebalance my portfolio?
(CA) Long term question, mortgage or investment?
I-bond composite rate is at 2.2%, and new rates will be set on Nov. 1.  Is it a good time to buy or should I wait? (New to I-bonds)
Need help deciding/decifering what this means? 401(k)
Choosing Vanguard mutual funds for Roth IRA? 
How important is knowing yourself well to personal finances?
I'm curious about when I should see compounded daily interest on a low balance account?
I have a closed credit card with $8,700 on it. I have the ability to pay a big chunk of it off, maybe all of it. Will this hurt my credit?
What to invest my IRA (currently $9 cash) into?
What do I do with the rest of my money?
Pay off car loan or use save/invest that money?
Can South Carolina do this?
How should I approach my students loans?
How does Ally stand up? Should I get a savings or money market account from them?
Can a website give better banking customer service than a brick-and-mortar bank? Absolutely. Goodbye, Huntington!
Would it be cheaper to get married before or after the new year?
Why is sales tax applied to used vehicles?
Will it affect my credit score if I open another bank account with a different bank?
Why not just make more money? 
(CA) Will closing an unused savings account and credit card affect my credit score?
I have $100k in student loans, and I earn $80k per year (50k after taxes), should I be paying off loans as fast as possible, or investing?
Opening an ALLY savings account - pay taxes?
I'm building a personal finance application anyone have suggestions/ideas for features they'd like? 
Best place to get an unsecured personal loan? I tried lending club and was quoted 12.99% APR. 
Consolidate from fixed to variable rate for private student loan?
Why do most financial plans make step 1 "Pay off debts?"
Is there an investment vehicle or business that allows you to make personal, educational loans?
Any recommendations for websites or types of savings accounts for medical bills?
Where should I park my $ or where is the best savings account for interest?
Thinking about taking out my first personal bank loan. How do I go about it?
Credit Card Minimum payment due: $0.00. What's going on?
What's so attractive about a 30 year mortgage?
13k in Student Loans in collections. Now I have $, how should I pay this off?
Make a fairly decent living with nothing to show. What gives?
Neglected credit card with bank for a few months, now I can pay it off in full all at once.  Should I, or should pay it off over a set time?
Hypothetical: I've heard talk about bills being introduced that are trying to wipe out student debt, given that it has exceeded 1 trillion USD. If such measures are being pushed, what's my incentive to pay off early when others may potentially get a free pass?
Is it normal to lose .15% of your paycheck to taxes?
What's the point of a debit card if you have a credit card?
Starting to save for retirement, also just trying to get good habits. Any tips? 
Semi Aggressive Credit Payment or more Savings?
Credit card limit and utilization advice?
Since when does the IRS pay interest?
Is it worth opening up a couple lines of credit now?
No time or interest in learning proper investing and I understand FAs are crap.  What to do?
Rollover my 403(B) Plan? Am I saying it right?
Can closing an old credit card account hurt your credit score?
[US] After a little bit of research/advice from /r/personalfinance and here is my plan.  Critique?
How safe are routing and account numbers?
What are the Pros and Cons over owning an apartment complex instead of buying multiple houses to rent out?
Is there any reason not to get multiple rewards cards?
Average starting salary resources?
{Payroll Tax} Is there a difference on payroll tax paid if you are paid all at once or over several months? (USA)
Sorry if this has been discussed to death, but how safe/legitimate/trustworthy are Mint.com and CreditKarma?
Use Auto Pay on student loans?
Should I open a Solo 401k?
21 years old. 11k invested in two mutual funds. What else should I be doing? (Canada)
What are some ways I can lower my taxable income?
Does anyone have a experience with Independent Capital Management Inc (aka Sagepoint Financial Inc.)?
[US] Muni bonds vs. Bond index fund (vs. ETF?) for taxable holdings
Canadains; Can someone explain to me simply, the difference between Registered vs Non-registered Investments; and how I can use both to maximize my portfolio? (X-post from ELI5)
My spouse is dying - how do I make sure I don't make bad decisions/how do I choose a financial advisor?
Has anyone heard anything about an extension of the sales tax deduction for 2012 and beyond?
Wife &amp; I accumulated credit card debt with onset of two kids. We are paying it down, but half goes to interest charges. Reputable debt consolidation options?
What kind of interest rate to expect?
Is there any reason not to close a retail store credit account?
Husband has some debt... Collections agencies are contacting us and the amount has seriously increased. How do we go about this?
Can someone solve my tax trouble riddles?
New to the USA from Canada. Best way to build credit?
If I can afford it, does it make sense to double my car payment and pay it off in two instead of four years?
What should I do with these various credit card balances (all are currently on 0% offers)?
Can someone explain how the interest in my savings account is calculated?
Reddit, I'm 25 and saving $1,000 a month until I'm 45. What's the best way to invest this money?
Taking advantage of the Bush tax cuts before they expire?
Take out new student loan to pay off 10% student loan?
I recently found a $5 Starbucks charge on my card that was not from me. Do places often charge under different names, or should I contact my bank about fraud? Would they take it seriously? 
Save capital loss for next year?
im 21, should i buy a house?
Anything you can do if a company sends a debt to collections without ever contacting you first?
How can I develop a strategy to get out of debt?
Ending collections harassment? (CA) 
Credit Score: 430, but Never Had Debt; Am I Screwed?
How much do you pay for your Internet connection?
Is it better to pay your mortgage off or keep making regular payments?
If both our health insurance choices are equal, which of us should carry the insurance? 
In need of some advice: do I split up the "groups" of student loans with different interest rates?
What do I do with a $50K windfall that I need to use in two years for a down payment?
Secure Credit Card - How much should I pay?
Why invest in mutual funds instead of index funds?
Paying invariable bills with a credit card?
ING dropped interest rate from 0.8 to 0.75. Options?
How do you properly close a bank account?
How Should I Save for My College Tuition?
Should I save money now to refinance my home later?  
Gift Tax, Auditing and depositing over $10,000, automatically flagged?
Formulas for deciding which loan to pay most/first?
capital gains on buying out a co-home owner?
I have about $800-$1000 a month I can put towards my student loands ($35000) or my Vanguard Roth IRA ($3130). How should I proportion it?
How much to save if planning to move?
Creating a nest egg when there is nothing to do it with?
(Ger/Se) Opening a US/Canadian Bankaccount possible?
Is there a difference between in-house collections and a collection agency?
Savings account option?
Recent college graduated, been working full time for a year, now how to determine adequate budget?
Why does Chase Bank take 5+ business days to process my car payment?
Does this student loan/401K plan make sense?
Best Student Loan Approach or Option?  Please hear me out first.
Student Loans: DL REBATE NEGATIVE PR FOR LTP   What does this mean?
Binary Options Trading - worth the risk?
Should I get a Roth IRA if I won't be able to max it out each year?
I may have to carry a balance on my credit card for the first time in five years. How can I convince my credit card company to lower my rate?
[throwaway acct] Should I take a recent job offer, or stay in my own business?
Is this book legit, or should I not even bother ?
From Salaried to Contractor: How much can I contribute to old company's Roth 401k and personal Roth IRA?
Best credit cards to look into?
I'm a college student looking to take a semester to a year off of school, are there internship options to put off paying federal loans?
The X Factor. Can you put a % on it? 
I am going to need to take out massive student loans in two years for vet school. Is there a way to prep now?
I just paid off my mother's credit card debit. Now what?
My 11 month old credit is 744 based on one BofA credit card. CreditKarma says that getting a new card will get me to 700! Is that true?
Does leasing or purchasing a solar energy system make more sense?
My abusive ex-boyfriend left our new apartment. We just signed a 1 yr least in Sept. I can't afford the rent. Now what?
How can I budget to live comfortably on the amount I earn? Many more details in thread.
Wife and I have all of our school costs saved for the rest of our college careers, roughly 20K.  Where should we keep it considering we want returns but high liquidity for withdraws every 5 months?
How should I go about canceling one credit card to replace it with another, and will this adversely affect my credit score?
25, making ~ 120k/yr.  What now?
Need help dealing with your bank? Community bank VP available for questions if you like. [US]
Student Loans for international students studying in the USA?
What are arguments FOR big banks, rather than credit unions?
What are the advantages of contributing to a Roth IRA through a 403(b) as opposed to investing funds on your own?
I'm 21, senior in college, just got a job offer, waiting to graduate in May 2013 with about 21k in student debt... what should I do with the money from my first job?
"Seasoning" of funds for a mortgage?
my mortgage just got sold to a company with shady dealings- do i have alternatives?
Is buying a new car really a terrible idea?
What are the pros/cons of buying a house that the previous owner foreclosed on?
$220k student debt/$85-150k income potential- which repayment plan is best?
What kind of 401k match is your employer giving you?
I am an 18 year old high school student. Is there a credit card in existence that will accept me?
Car Insurance for Newlyweds?
First Time Building Credit: "Capital One Cash Rewards For Newcomers Card"?
$40k in student loans, $45k cash on hand.  What is best strategy?
Advice for a college junior needing a newer car?
I'm thinking of opening a Roth IRA alongside my firm sponsored 401(k).  Thoughts?
Planning a wedding, what are my options?
Any Personal Financial Advisors in the Salt Lake City, Utah Area?
Buy a house or keep renting with student loans?
401K Early Distribution, what state do I reside in?
Pull all of rent from emergency fund, or just enough to cover the difference? (USA)
What happens to my 401k and IRA when I am old enough to use it?
Can someone break down what exactly amortization and sinking funds are? Also, help me solve these problems? 
Can you prevent certain purchases on credit cards? (US)
Thin credit file, some advice on building?
Opportunity to take over mortgage with 20 years left from family member. Should we do it?
Am I doing it wrong in Canada?
Purchase a piece of land with cash or take out loan?
21m with no credit history. Advice? 
18. Just got my first job. How's my budgeting?
Developing a decent credit score as a recent grad?
Potential Identity Theft?
Pros and Cons of Consolidating Student Loans?
How can I pay for school?
I have a total of 4 credit cards with a combined credit limit of over 50K+ and I don't even have a job. I just ask for a higher limit every 6 months....Why don't they verify my income before increasing my limit?
Moving a car loan to save 0.26%?
Investing for our kids?
Finally making real money, any recommendations on firms to set: IRA, 401K, mutual fund, debt management?
Has anyone ever hired an accountant/bookeeper to handle even the smallest details of your family budget/finances?
Refinancing our mortgage?
Should I fix my old, high-milage car, or give up on it? 
Paying for college/budgeting? [19/m]
Bankruptcy at a young age better than being in debt most my life?
Advice on obtaining a vehicle?
Roth IRA as emergency fund at ally?
Should I wait until after I get an auto loan to apply for a new credit card?
Might bring in $240,000 a year in royalties.  I only need 30k to cover my current expenses.  How do I keep my money?
What's the correct order to save?
Should I apply for Amex Business Open card just for the $750 sign-up bonus?
Is there a disadvantage to hopping around from bank to bank, trying to get a savings account with the best apy?
Investing now for more consumption later - is this how it works when investing in your personal economy?
When cashing out whole life policies, what percentage does the insurance company deduct from the payout?
Balance transfers - what are the rules? [UK]
Any good promotions for opening a checking account right now?
Finance a used car single or joint? GF has terrible credit
Invest more money in IRA or student loan payment?
Is The Risk Of LTC Insurance Premium Increases Rising... Or Falling?
What do I do next?
Married into debt, before being married I was financially stable, but now I find us scraping for money every month and getting behind. Advice?
Can we afford a new car?
In what situation is buying whole life insurance a good idea?
Saw a related post about car loans...fiancee has terrible credit.  For house/apartment and other things...what should we do?
Personal Loan to pay off CC Debt?
Should I pay down loans on investment properties or save/reinvest profits?
Can I consider my Roth IRA contributions as my emergency fund when deciding to kill debt?
Increasing my income soon. How should I alter my budget?
Falling off the wagon with my monthly budget, what do YOU do to keep yourself on track?
Graduating college, making $73k a year, moving to San Francisco, need to know rent budget, how much would you spend?
How to find information about a deceased person's accounts if the executor of the estate may not be trustworthy?
Reddit, I just got sent money to pay for my car that can also pay off my credit card debt. What would you do?
From the UK - having a lot of trouble with tax etc - anyone able to help?!
I made a lot of bad decisions when I was younger.  Advice on fixing my credit?
Average credit limit on Amex Blue Cash?
When can we retire?(Canadian)
$138k AGI, worth looking at IRAs?
Parents handed down debt. What are my options?
Perkstreet, Ally, or ING for new online account? I live check to check, read more....
(US) Currently working Part time going to graduates, possible full time work. Should I take it?
Bonds and REITs in my Roth?
When is a good time to invest?
Just found out my car needs $2000 to pass inspection, paid $1,800 for it originally. Save to buy a new (used) car or take student loan?
(30m) is it okay my parents still pay my cellphone, car insurance, student loans, health insurance?
My income is probably about to double in January. What should I focus on first? 
Tax credits transferable?
How true is this statement about a Roth IRA?
Am I able to contribute to a Traditional IRA while my company contributes to a SEP-IRA for me?
What is the number one major money management challenge you face or did face as a student juggling school, work, family, and/or life in general?
Fidelity vs. Charls Schwab. Which would should I go with?
MBNA Smart Cash Mastercard is downgrading - still a good card? (CA)
So I just turned 18 a few weeks ago, How should I go about starting a credit history? Any other financial advice would be greatly appreciated. 
Step 1: open Roth IRA with $5000. Step 2: ??
Want to influence the way we're educated on earning, spending, saving, investing, borrowing, and protecting our money?  Here's a chance to talk directly to regulators before November 2.
How much do you spend on food in a month?
Am I doing things as good as I can?
New job gives me a $400/month car allowance, considering using it to finance a car, am I trying to live beyond my means?
What is the best allocation of a windfall to pay down student loans?
Is whole life better than an IRA or does it depend on your financial situation?
Do balance transfers to a rewards card grant rewards?
Which funds are you using to create a "value tilt" in your portfolio?
home and car insurance, how to get the better deal? (CA)
Does it make sense to accept large pay cut to take federal job?    ...job security is nice but at what cost I guess...?
Hey /r/personalfinance, besides your day job, what do you do to supplement/diversify your income?
Is it possible to have a joint savings account that requires both parties permission to withdraw?
I'm a 19 year old making a paycheck for the first time in my life. How can I start off making smart decisions with my money?
Invest or Save?
What is good employer 401k matching?
Is 40% of my monthly income too much to dedicate for a mortgage &amp; property taxes?
Mid 20s. Why not all stocks in 401k?
Those of you who own rental property, how did you get started in it and what made you successful?
Odd-job apps and sites to help supplement income?
In Canada, can you file for bankruptcy but still get student loans?
What is more responsible to do with my savings?
Requesting Financial Advice. Can I afford this house?
Student loan payment - now or later?
Stock Options expiring soon, What do I do? (ELI5)
What type of account is best to save for a down payment on a house?
Is it smart for someone in their mid 20s to use money from a 401k to pay off school loans?
So I just turned 18 a few weeks ago, How should I go about starting a credit history? Any other financial advice would be greatly appreciated.
What's the best way to take a relocation package?
Advice for checking/savings account. Ally? Schwab? ING?
Is it true that you should AT MOST only pay off 80% of your credit card bill a month?
Finally have a plan, anyone have any more advice?
What is something you wish you did in college financially?
mint alternatives?
(US Expat) Married a non-US citizen this year. What do I need to know on tax day?
Will be making approx. 60-70 thousand before taxes after year a off out of highschool. I'm saving for university, advice?  (CA)
27 years old with student loan interest rates less than 6%, should I pay off loans first or start investing in retirement? 
[UK] Overdraught, How can i extend my overdraught? what factors do the bank look at? 
Should I refinance my vehicle?
I want to roll over my ING 401K into a Roth IRA and put 15K into a mutual fund.. But how do I go about picking WHICH mutual fund and WHICH Roth IRA?
Early teen. How should I start saving?
Should I cash out my 401k before moving to another country?
Student loan interest deduction - how hard should I try to get this?
Would you critique my plan of attack?
Student Loan Advice, what is the best plan of attack?
Should I zero out debt before applying for a mortgage?
What are the consequences of removing money from a retirement fund?
Social Security Number wrong on paycheck. Will this affect me negatively down the line?
How does capitalization work on a US student loan?
How can I maximize my employer's interest free loan?
The phone operator for my new ISP took my name down wrong so my account has a different last name. How important is it to get this fixed?
Good Life Insurance Settlement Companies? Also, advice on cashing out?
Bank fraudulently claiming a hard mortgage inquiry on my credit, what can I do?
Debt free in 15 years?
When shopping for cars, is buying used no longer the rule? 
If my employer doesn't match my 401k contributions, should I still put money into it?
I owe 218000 in liabilities. How to pay it off in 2-5 years?
Will marriage allow you to carry-over Capital Gains Loss Carry-overs from one person to the couple's returns? (USA)
1% savings account or BND (or VBTLX) with a .2% dividend?
What percent of balance is typically due each month on a credit card with an introductory (0%) APR?
How do I build wealth? is a 7%return per year hard to do? 
Employer 401k options are dismal.  How do I change this for the better?
If a card has an introductory rate of 0% APR and I carry the balance making small monthly payments, does this still impact my credit adversely?
Today I paid off £8000+ of credit card debt. What next? LIBERATED 26 y/o male. 
Did I get duped on my Roth IRA? (And questions about transferring a Roth IRA)
Car dealers of the USA: I'm planning on buying a car next year.  What credit score is required to get that coveted 0% APR from dealers like Toyota?
Disputing credit report info with TransUnion, worth it?
When would a medical bill in collections drop off a credit report? (Florida)
If I donate $500 to a charity would it really reduce my taxes or would I have to choose to itemize my deductions, and this would not be larger than my standard deduction, so in the end I would not get any tax breaks from this small donation?
Student loans and tax deductions??
Dunno if this is best-geared towards PF, but responsible credit card wielders: What are your rewards program strategies?
19 and just got my first credit card. How can I use it to build up credit while I'm still young and in school?
Debt Consolidation - should I do it?
Turning 30 next month...on retirement track?
25 years old and just got married (today!) how should I change my tax information?
I filed my taxes back in April using Turbotax, and I only owed $11 to my state (which is what I usually owe). I just got a letter from the Civil Enforcement Office telling me I owe them $730! What do I do!?
Will I be able to rent a property under my current circumstances? [UK]
From a complete personal finance point of view, who do you think would be the better president?
What does "adjustment-purchases" mean in the context of credit card statements? Something strange is going on with my balance.
Can anyone make sense of this retirement matching program?
How long might it take for effect of being sent to collection agency to appear on credit report?
Anyone know how to pay off a car loan without early termination fee?
Retirement loan or credit card to pay down debt?
Refinance - any room for negotiation on rate, given a quote, followed by a lower quote after finding a slightly lower credit score?
I've really messed up... how do I avoid foreclosure?
what do i go from here?
My student loan repayment starts today. ~$80k from 4 yrs. Hoping to be in medschool by May - Should I start repaying now or just defer until I graduate?
Why would our mortgage company offer us a lower interest rate when they would lose money doing it? (cross-posted from AskReddit)
Improving credit score - where's the point of diminishing returns? 
How long will a few days past due affect my credit score?
Can't save for retirement? Maybe you should stop stuffing your face at restaurants. The average American spends $232/month eating out.
Does it make sense to defer an unsubsidized student loan if I can afford the payments?
Lost my passport, birth certificate and social security card. How do I fix this?
Challenging the 401k - Should people in the first half of their lives really invest equal to their age in stable value + bonds?
If I contribute post tax dollars to a Traditional IRA, am I only subject to capital gains taxes when I receive distributions?
What are the financial consequences for a mental health diagnosis?
Cancel AA miles Citi Bank card to open another AA Citi Bank card to get the bonus miles?
When you started talking to your SO about finances, what did you actually start out with?
401k Rollover/transfer help?
Good resources for newlyweds on investing and retirement?
Why does the IRS instruct tax payers to subtract negative numbers instead of adding them?
Employer does not offer 401k match. Should I focus on an IRA instead?
My mom is retiring. What to do with lump sum?
Can't pay our mortgage; what are our options?
money.cnn.com is disappointing me lately, Reddit, what are your favorite financial sites?
Traditional IRA to Roth IRA: how much $ should I put aside for taxes?
I'm only 20 but I have money in a stock portfolio that I classify as "do not withdraw," are there any notable reasons of why I shouldn't open an IRA and max my contribution now?
Moving out with a friend, but my room is bigger with a private bathroom.  How do we split it?
Should I participate in my company's reward program?
I bought a car a year ago and apparently I missed out on some deductions and credits for being a first time car buyer and recent grad. Is there anything I can do to use these in the future?
Salary negotiation advice? (US)
Update: “I just paid off my mother's credit card debit. Now what?”
Hey Reddit, my dad inadvertently messed up my credit and now I'm not sure what to do?
Girlfriend's bank account keeps getting cleaned out by garnishments. She wants to change her direct deposit to send her paycheck to my account. Thoughts?
How do you determine a fair salary for a location?
401K target date vs choosing my own investment?
If I can afford it and my goal is saving, should I contribute the full 18% toward my RRSP?
First Financial Asset Management or FFAM?
Is opening a credit card worth it if you don't spend much?
Question about magical appearing money in 401K??
Characteristics of a employment-disqualifying credit report?
Can I have your opinion on my financial state/goals PF?
Which would be better?  Off-shore account or buying gold?  
How do I determine which collection agency to payback student loans?
Should I get an auto loan to diversify my credit?
As a new alien at the US, should I invest on a 401k?
What are the financial pros and cons of getting married?
I'm comfortable with my short- and long-term plan, but how do I save for the intermediate-term?
I am a recent college graduate, which would be a good credit card to transition to after having a normal student CC for five years?
When does the tax year end for 401k contributions?
As someone living outside of the States, what is the one piece of PF advise I should give my buddy of 10 years who is moving there to get married?
Unusual job + no car + no home = what should I do?
Anyone else have weird interest calculations on loans?
Why is living in debt the norm?
Best method to avoid Foreign Exchange Fees?
If an unpaid utility bill has been on my credit report for 6 years, should I pay it or let it drop off the report unpaid?
Consolidating 401k to IRA - What company? 
File jointly or separately?
Rent agreement for 6, 9, or 12 months pro vs cons?
Can I get some tips on how to lower my bills?
My company was just notified to start levying my wages for back taxes and I'm up to my ears in debt. What to do?
Your personal information was compromised in a data breach. This may include your name, address, birthday, social security number, gender, and ethnicity....... What do you do?
I have a fundamental lack of understanding of credit cards. Could someone help?
24 years old, inexperienced with money, just inherited $50,000. How do I even begin to approach this turn of luck? (/xpost from investing)
What happens if I contribute more to Roth IRA than I am allowed to?
I screwed up :( As a student with only part-time income, I think I put too much into a Roth IRA, what can I do?
US : High deductible and low monthly premium with supplemental insurance?
What's Everyone's Current Standing? Where Does Everyone Hope To Be In 10 Years?
Tax Model. Would anyone be interested in an excel tax model that reflects taxes after the bush-cuts expire?
Young, single, maxed out Roth IRA and 401k--what's next?
Which card should I pay off first?
Anyone have experience with Mohela student loans? Trying to pay additional principal and the lady sounded like she thought I was crazy...
How do I get my first credit card? (Self-employed not in school, no credit)
Can I ask a question about the proper path for me to take in my life at this point?
Can old, closed authorized user account which had high balances hurt credit score?
Should I pay off my car loan now, or wait?
Any site/service similar to unbury.me?
Removing as Authorized User on Credit Cards, credit score?
Has anyone used SmartyPig?
Im moving to a booming country where i predict an economic downturn similar to what ive lived through in portugal. How can i prepare?
Inherited $37,655 from recently deceased parent. I am a 31 yr old from Canada. Best way to invest?
I just got a settlement offer from a debt collector regarding a debt I believe I paid. What's my best move?
What was the acronym for getting all your expenses in order? It started with a "P" I believe...
Accidentally submitted full payment on credit card, realized the mistake after it has been processed. I don't have that much money. What will happen?
I am trying to settle some student loans with some collection agencies. What is the lowest percentage I should offer?
Help me Reddit - you're my only hope! Are my parents idiots? About to refinance a 2nd mortgage on THURSDAY, if they pay $12K cash (new loan will be for $28K over 7 years at a 5.5% fixed rate). 1st mortgage in good standing with a $35K balance at variable + 2%). Just found out and I'm freaking!
Is there any reason not to use a Roth as a savings account for a down payment on a house?
How often should I rebalance?
What features are you looking for in a personal finance app?
(US) I'm a complete moron trying to get it together, little help?
Any idea of what counts as "supermarkets" for AmEx Blue Cash rewards?
Young couple with sizable debt. Does anyone have any good advice?
Can I get some advice on whether or not to move money market cash from Wells Fargo to Vanguard? (I want to start a ROTH IRA with the money market cash.) 
[Help] 26 years old, have ~4k in debt, 4k in Roth IRA, 3k in company 401k.  Should I cash out the Roth IRA to pay down my debt?
2 Student Loans, both 6.55% APR: one at $6k balance, the other at $23k balance.  Which one do we pay off first?
College student with $5,000 in the bank. What can I do/invest in with this money?
Left company.  Roll 401k over to IRA?  Pros &amp; Cons?
Liquidating 401k to apply funds towards debt?
Can I use my volunteer time as a tax deductible?
Can someone help me understand what's going on and if I should switch my parents IRA?
Senior in college w/$10,000; considering investing, advice?
What is an acceptable pay raise for my promotion?
My boyfriend's parents are in a financial crisis. I want to help. Suggestions/advice?
High Interest Savings Accounts? Barclays, Citi Bank ect. 
It's about time that I open an IRA. Anyone have any favorites I should check out?
[x-post from financialindependence] Have I made a huge mistake?
Has anyone done paid clinical trials?
I'm a compulsive spender that is trying to get my act together and pay off my debt. But I have no idea where to start and what my options are. Could you please help?
Long-Term Savings: Money Market or High-Yield Savings?
Am I in a good position to move out of my parents house and in with my long term boyfriend?
Credit/Student Debt: Able to pay it off now, but how? 
Can you Suze Oreman me on this one? 
Let's play a game. Starting at zero with no cash, education, or assets, you have 5 years to make as much money as possible. What do you do?
How is capital gains tax calculated and deducted?
Underwater Stock options - what can I do? (US)
Buying a used car with little income/other financial help?
Boss is offering a loan to buy a house. Should I accept?
What to do with my piggybank?
What can I do with $2500 in a 4 month period?
Underwater stock options - what can I do?
What to do with 25k?
My apartment was burglarized. Wife's Social Security card taken. Computers taken. Advice?
Am I f$&amp;!ed? Work Health Insurance
Creditkarma/creditsesame going in different directions with score all of a sudden.  What gives?
Should I invest in going into debt?
Universal Life or Whole Life Insurance for my Father?
Why cant I get a loan?
PNC Opted me into Overdraft Protection against my 
will, do I have recourse?
Why isn't mint.com in the sidebar?
Boss offered loan for house. Should I accept?
would an account sent to internal collections have the same impact on your credit score if it went to a 'normal' collections agency?
Does anyone use an envelope system for budgeting?
Closing Refi tomorrow - make payment on old mortgage to avoid late fee?
Never owned a credit card, thinking about getting a Chase account. Any advice, and what should I be looking out for?
Why do people use prepaid cards like Chase Liquid? Why don't they just open a checking account?
General tips on reducing non-essential spending?
Just got a refund check from my University, how do I make the best use of it? (US)
Can I get some feedback about Whole Life Insurance?
With money to spare, is it better to pay off my mortgage or invest?
Tax Advice on Inheritance? 
What's the best way to accurately estimate 401(k) value for retirement? And can you check out my situation and let me know your thoughts?
Tax breaks for working overseas?
Is it a good idea to open a Roth in a mutual fund that pays monthly dividends?
Hey PF - Help Keep Me Accountable (Update 2: Hard Times)?
Is there a type of IRA/Roth account that would allow me to take out a loan against it?
My mother wants to get a car under my name. Help?
Where can I get good info to educate myself as a first-time homebuyer?
Best Credit Score Source?
Whether to refinance closing costs or not?
Grad student applying for first credit card from credit union - help?
2 jobs: first is W2, second is 1099. How much taxes would I be paying on the 1099?
Using a line of credit as an emergency fund?
Should I wait until this fiscal cliff bullshit is resolved before maxing out my Roth?
How do you financially plan for your next car?
so my mom forgot to pay my credit card bill this month so i paid the minimum and shes paying it off this week, how does this affect me?
Emergency Fund vs. Debt Payoff -- How would you 
spend my paycheck?
College Loans (Undergrad/Grad) Which do I pay off first??
Should your Mortgage Company use social media?  What are your suggestions?
I think I really messed up by giving a debt collector my SSN and addy, what should I do now?
How can I consolidate my debt?
Payoff auto loan or build safety net?
Keep Savings or Pay off Debt?
I'm taking your advice from yesterday and rolling over my 401k's to a Vanguard IRA. But can I be screwed by timing with the "fiscal cliff" around the corner? Should I wait? rush?
Is it worth getting a lower interest rate card and doing a balance transfer?
First experience sharing finances-advice?
What can I expect for taxes in 2013? An increase?
Is a collection account that you were never made aware of valid debt?
What is a good college fund to start for my infant daughter?
Early, Unqualified Retirement Account Withdrawal - When and Where do I pay the Penalty?
(Canada) 20 Living at home, wondering what the best investment would be?
What's to stop the IRS from changing tax-advantaged accounts in the future?
Not sure I'm doing the right thing with some rollover Vanguard funds, any advice?
Husband and I are very financially immature.  Best tools to help?
Graduating College - Purchasing Student Rental Smart Investment?
It's me, the burglary victim again: thoughts on products like LifeLock?
Share your personal ‘tricks’: What things do you do near year's end to improve your tax situation? 
How Many Credit Cards Are Too Many?
Tired of arbitrary fees imposed by Wells Fargo...I'm ready to pull my accounts.  Any reason not to?
My company does not offer any retirement benefits.  How do I save for retirement without a 401k?
I need to move closer to my new job.  I bought a new house with an FHA four years ago.  Considering options: Sell/buy? Rent/buy? Rent/Rent? Where do I start?
(Canada) What is a good private health insurance company?
Moving money from a 457b to my 401k.  I'd like to put some in a money market or something that will give me access to cash.  Does the entire sum count as income, or only what I withdraw from the money market?
I have some money saved up.  Should I pay off my car with it or keep it as savings?
Invest or Payoff Car Loan?
(Canada) How much of take-home to put towards housing?
Appraisal came in low on mortgage refinance.  What now?
How can I fix my credit score?
My SO can't secure a loan for her final year of college. How can she finish school?
Set up IRA for non-working spouse?
I am considering starting share market trading. I would like to open up an account. Could someone please explain to me the differences between a Margin Lending and Cash Account?
How should I pay my student loans?
Will deferring my student loans for the next 2 years help or hurt my credit?
How am I supposed to be patient about paying off debt?
Fix existing car or get new car?
Changing jobs after 9 years, 86k in 401(k), what should I do with it?
An end to 401ks and IRAs? This article scares me.
20K of extra income that has not been taxed throughout the year, what to do before end of the year?
Can being too responsible hurt your credit score?
Do any of you use software to keep track of your personal finance? What would you recommend to a college student?
Participation in stock purchase program with my company?
Time Warner Cable has my name on an account that was sent to collections for non-payment. Account isn't mine. What do?
Going from dependent on parents to financially independent by summertime. Is getting a $2500 loan possible with only a part-time job? 
is it too early to save for retirement? (CAN)
Student debt troubles. Advice?
I just signed up for an American Funds ROTH IRA account. Just got my first statement and am seeing the fees coming out (5.67% initial and it will be .57% after) Should I switch to a Vanguard VFFVX?
Why should I max out my IRA or 401k each year?
Is it possible that if I could pay off a lower sum, my credit cards would negotiate with me? (X-Post from r/DebtAdvice)
Household income is $210k with no writeoffs, are we doing anything wrong?
Save up cash for grad school or contribute to Roth IRA?
You've convinced me to stop giving Uncle Sam a free loan with my taxes.  What do I do with the extra paycheck income?
How the hell did that collector get my name, address &amp; phone number?
30/M, Canadian, I'm in financial trouble.  When should you consider bankruptcy? 
Is everyone else's car insurance going up $50 every year?
Question about taxes with a full time job?
22 and taking money out of Roth 401k?
$1k extra a month... save, invest, or put in an IRA?
Moving from US to Germany, potentially for the long run. How/Should I change my personal finance habits?
Uncertain about my future living situation, how should I handle this financially? [AU]
Windfall advice guys? Renting out and investment help (UK)
Company to pay for my education and I voluntarily reduce my salary/bonus. Any issues? (x-post r/taxes)
$10,000 in medical and car (repossessed) debt. Trying to get it together but currently unemployed. What can I do?
How to prioritize future purchases based on price and importance? Did a 2-dimensional matrix in high school econ class, but couldn't find on google.
60k in CC Debt with ~90% utilization. Payoff strategies?
Balancing the money desires of two spouses: I prefer saving, she prefers spending. How do you find a middle ground?
I received a letter, what should I do?
At what point is it viable to live alone?
Starting to dig out of the hole, what to do first? 
Should I be negotiating salary for first job? 
What should I do with $10k in savings for 8 months?
Would a higher limit on my credit card improve my credit score?
Is it wise to buy a house?
Can you buy a new car and have it still be a good decision?
How do I safely make the transition from being on disability income to my freelance income? Without losing money?
I need to wean myself off of my parents' financial support, so how do I go about doing this?
Should I go straight to Uni or work for a year? 
Got my "first" true credit card. 0% APR trial, and am about to spend $1,300. How to pay optimally pay this off?
Is this even possible? Is it a fluke? (just obtained my first credit card)
what do you guys think about investing in 3D printing?  
My credit score is currently around 730. Should I get another credit card?
Thoughts on selling my car?
How to prepare for early retirement vs. "regular" retirement?
Thinking about selling my condo at a loss. Dumb? Would love some advice.
(15k limit) Is this a fluke? How is this possible?
Underwater Stock Options - do I have any... options? (US)
So, my company is going to start offering ROTH 401k in January.  Is there any reason I should NOT do this?
About to pay off our credit card, but it is currently attached to my fiancee's name only. Should I add mine?
Saved emergency fund, paying down debt, being really frugal with spending, suddenly need a new car. Buy cheap or finance?
Please help - 457(b) options...High expense ratios?!
I have an account with a broker. I want to do some investing on my own (schwab, etrade). Is that counterproductive?
I'll complete my B.A.(in communication, minor in business) with 13k in loan debt next summer. Should I spend 15k on a grad certificate which will prepare me for the CFP exam? 
Hopefully going to dental school, but might have to take a 400K loan due to private school. Affordable?
Could you provide input on my first budget after graduating please?
Got my score, figured out the problem...now what?
I'm trying to start a very tiny 2 person website business. How do I keep track of finances/tax?
Using home equity for CC debt? 
Small win: I let my In Style Magazine subscription lapse and instead signed up for Money Magazine. r/personalifinance, What are your small wins lately? 
What's the most expensive mistake you ever made financially?
Home Equity Loan - Good idea? (Canada)
How do I choose the right Credit Card?
Can anyone give me any insight on benefits and/or tax implications of employee stock purchasing programs (ESPPs)?
Why Place a Down Payment When There is 0% Financing for 60 Months?
Should I buy a house, or continue to rent?  
Should I buy a house, or continue to rent?  And yes, I already used the Rent vs. Buy calculator in the sidebar.
I'm 22 and I save up for everything instead of taking out loans, using CC's, etc. Is this practical?
I have an Alliant CU savings, should I move that money to a slightly higher yield savings?
I have grown skeptical of promised entitlements by watching my older co-workers. This has made national headlines recently (i.e. Hostess). What is your plan for this?
Finally paid off my old credit card debt. Time to repair my credit score. Secured credit card?
Will this affect my FICO Score?
Does buying a condo EVER make financial sense?
About to turn 14, realized in 4 years I'll be in college. How can I get a financial edge (or any edge for that matter)?
How should I prioritize my retirement savings when company does not match 401k?
Should I close my Capital One card?
Paying unsubsidized student loans with subsidized ones?
Paid off a credit card, do I keep a small balance or pay off the balance each month before the new statement is generated?
Money Magazine/Other Magazine Subscriptions Worth It?
Fraud on a Minor?
I am an independent consultant in the US. What tax form do I need to fill out?
I am confused. Is there any reason to pay additional principal payments on a house you plan on selling before paying off?
Anyone experienced with Federal student loans and general finances? Trying to figure out the best repayment approach.
Is there any benefit to paying off credit card bills early? 
Is this debt valid?
Anyone have any experience with the infinite banking concept? 
Have to pay a collections agency... Settlement vs Paid in Full?
Why is leasing considered a bad idea?
How often can I check my credit report without it affecting my credit rating?
$200,000 Dollar unsecured loan... what to do?
(PH) Ways to earn passive income with little income?
I need to open a USA based bank account but will be living in Qatar.....I'm going to be paid by a Houston company but living in Qatar. Which is the best bank for my purposes?
Anyone else worried about everyone not able to live of retirement in 20-30 years?
What should I pay first?
Closing a new account..., a good thing?
Should I negotiate my salary? (US)
Making a solid income for the first time in my life after years of being poor -- please help me to not f*$^ this up?
I only need half of my student loans, but I already accepted it. Who am I supposed to contact?
What is a good national bank or credit union?
Is there an Excel template that will work for monthly bookkeeping? 
When is it enough? When to stop saving for retirement?
Should I take some money out of my emergency fund to max out my Roth IRA?
Is earned income calculated before or after your deductions?
Can we talk about UK personal finance basics?
Finally grown up, married and financially stable... What now? (CA)
Bank recommends closing all bank accounts due to unsigned check in a stolen wallet...this doesn't seem right?
Reddit what do I do? I really need advice...
I have $600 to my name, what should I do?
So I have $5000 left over from student loans. What should I do with it? Details inside
how do i get my money to work for me? 
Hard to believe I'm even contemplating this but.. bankruptcy or suicide?
Recently acquired $10k.  Does it make more sense to pay off my car or put it toward my student loans?
Earned income credit do I qualify??
Best way to build credit as a college student?
For a beginning investor, should I go with a IRA, Roth IRA, or Index Fund?
I have credit card debt that I have at zero interest until August. I am on the way to paying it off on time. I could actually pay it off faster, if I wanted. My question is: should I just pay it off slower or pay it off faster and then contribute more to my Roth IRA, 529, and Brokerage Account?
Does anyone use a fee-based financial adviser? What are your thoughts?
Withdraw mutual fund and payoff car or leave it?
Life circumstances about to change.  Better to apply for a new credit card now or after?
Retirement or mid-term investment?
Just turned 21, should I buy health insurance immediately?
How do I build up wealth?
Did I screw up royally? (401k transfer to Roth IRA after I quit my job)
Why Vanguard? ...and other life questions
Roth IRA, 401(k), or both?
Advice for a soon to be college graduate on personal finances?
Ally offers an IRA that is a savings account. My understanding of an IRA (specifically a Roth) involves investments, not just savings. Am I wrong?
What happens when you overdraw a checking account and can't pay back? Also, how can I help my friend in this situation?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how screwed am I?  (Warning: Giant Wall of Text)
How do I deal with a medical debt collector and convince them to do a 'pay to delete' with a debt on my credit report?
What do you think of T. Rowe Price as a place to keep a Roth IRA?
I have a $7,000 Personal Loan @ 14.99%.  Should I take the $4,000 I have in my Roth IRA out to pay a chunk of this loan off?
How should inflation be accounted for when talking about student loan debt?
Would you rent this apartment? Monthly costs/income inside.
Mortgage Modification- Have any redditors had any success? X-Post from askreddit
Roth 401k Rollover to Roth IRA? Never asked before...
Everywhere I look says to only invest in taxable investments until after your roth and  401k are maxed. Please help me understand why?
I'm an American citizen who has been living in 
Japan for over half a decade. What can I do to 
invest in America or Japan? What do I do tax-wise? 
Who can I talk to?
Aggressively pay off these student loans?
Safest Investments for a beginner?
I was told that paying off your credit cards is bad for your credit score. Can someone clear this up please?
I purchased a stock with a friend under my brokerage account. About to sell - how do we divy up the profits to account for taxes?
Pros and cons to buying a new car- and what it could do to my credit?
Is there any way to build a credit score without a credit card?
Ok I've been considering a career as a financial planner. How about a fee only financial advisor for low to middle income families? Does this sound like a good idea?
Can I consider a 0% interest credit card as part of my emergency fund?
Emergency cash funds necessary with Vanguard index funds?
Will refinancing my condo today hurt my credit if I want to buy a house a year from now?
401(k) to 403(b)? Or IRA? Other questions inside..
Is there a tax benefit to repaying student loans lump sum?
Canada - Self employed, getting a T4a?
Debt collectors won't provide proof of payments, should I worry?
Need Advice:  Saving for a House, What Are the Best Options?
Sell "investments" for graduate school?
Hypothetical: Prevent Ex-Wife from Getting My Lottery Winnings?
Xpoost: I just won the lottery for 450 million. As an average American(the sort who actually buys a lottery ticket) what are all the relevant information I'll need not to be preyed upon for my newly acquired wealth?
What to do with a UTMA?
I have money put away for going back to school. Is there a better alternative to CDs?
Any downside or upside to keeping debt in an introductory interest-free rate card?
Why does my parent's credit card debt show up on my credit report?
Do you trust Mint.com?
Should we send a debt validation letter?
Is there any difference between renting and apartment and renting a house?
Maxing out Roth, doing 401k up to the match...how else should I be saving for retirement?
I'm a 16 year old female looking to open my first checking account. Which bank or credit union should I choose?
Individual cell phone plan vs. family plan?
"high-yield" savings accounts - is it really worth it?
When can I start contributing to my FY13 IRA?
Do hard pulls matter if you have no credit history?
New credit card with 0% APR until May 2013. Should I transfer some debt to it? 
Income Tax: Do I have this right?
Best Credit Card for Students?
Put money in RRSP(CA) or pay off debt?
Best option for buying my car at the end of its lease?
[x-post] If you had $44k to do anything with what would you do?
Picking up 2nd "freelance" job in another state - W2 or 1099?
Maybe this is just a rant, but how have we become so self entitled? (Student Loans)
Which debts should we pay first? 
About to have major dental work done, should I put it on my credit card, or apply for a dental payment plan?
Is using more than 30-32% of your credit limit bad?
Suppose you're given 600$ a month to spend on whatever you'd like. Assuming you can't save the money, how would you best invest this/turn it into more money?
It's almost the end of the year, what should we be doing to make sure we're ready for taxes next year?
Who's got a better credit card for me? (good/excellent credit)
Western Sky Financial - 342.86% interest!?!?
If your car repairs are almost as much as the Kelley Blue Book value of the car, would you repair or buy another car? 
Does everyone in a retirement plan have to get the same employer match?
Chance to get a one-year student loan for around $30,000? 
Paying additional on minimum payment Question?
I'm in my 30s, I recently started getting mails from ARPA and other mails targeted towards the elderly, should I be concerned my personal information was compromised?
How can a bank debit money for a purchase that a person doesn't have?
Do we have any experts on the IRS clergy housing allowance policy?
How to find a credit union in NYC that I'm eligible for?
How does getting married affect your tax returns? 
Infographic on Huffington Post about African Americans and personal finance...thoughts?
Want to open a 3-year CD ladder with $30k. Any better deals out there than Ally Bank?
Options for deferring taxes?
Needing a car quick and the finances to go along with it?
Wells Fargo and my auto loan, what gives?
If you were 22, out of college, and could start your financial life over again, what would you do?
Should I help my dad pay off his credit card debt?
Can I contribute to an Individual 401k?
Newly Married - File Separately or Jointly?
Best place for emergency fund?
How can I find the highest rate saving account?  I have +/- $25k in savings, and ING used to offer great rates, but now its .75%  Where do you save?  Thanks!
Transactions often take several days to clear my bank, (Chase) making my available balance confusing. Should I use a paper ledger? 
Paying off mortgage early vs contributing to retirement, what are your thoughts?
Emergency Fund or Pay off Debts?
How much do you put towards your kid's college tuition?
I'm 24 years old and I feel like I'm still in the same hole I was when I first started college in 2006. Could anyone give me some financial or budget suggestions/advice?
Professional poker player, need to maintain a bankroll but do not need all of it immediately liquid. Where to put it?
Harm in paying off credit card early in order to keep budget straight?
What is your experience with prepaid/monthly plans?
How does the debt snowball/avalanche change when you've got 0% interest CC for a limited time?
How does one determine how much extra to charge for contract work vs. permanent work?
What is the best way to build credit for a 27 year old with a mortgage and no other debt?
Good way to make side cash and create a better foundation professionally/financially?
Something kinda worrying me. This subs default advice is to throw money as quickly as possible at things like IRA's and 401K, but what happens if those systems of money saving/investment fall through? 
Need a balance transfer credit card, but only if I am approved for a certain limit.  Any way to figure out how much of a LOC you would get on a balance transfer CC?
Maxing out credit card then paying off immediately?
Retirees of Reddit - What is something you wish you would have done when you were in your 20's to prepare for Retirement?
Would it lower my credit score to pay off a personal loan 9 months early?
Help: Laid off with Severance Package. Steps to move forward?
Buying a House while Dating?
I put together this chart while comparing lenders for a new home purchase. Their GFEs are all over the place because of variances in fee names and prices. Am I missing anything glaring?
Can anyone recommend some non-ugly RFID-blocking wallets? Not sure if this is the right sub, but I figured you guys might have some good resources.
Does anyone know of any good Personal Finance Twitters that I can follow?
What if you were guaranteed a 7-figure inheritance, how would you change your investment strategy(s)?
Spouse is a non-US resident/citizen. How do I handle this on my tax return next year?
I had setup a recurring monthly payment with a charity, but I eventually canceled my credit card. Am I responsible for any further payments?
I know a simple-minded lady who gets payday loan after payday loan. She does not understand that she has gotten herself into the position where she works to pay interest. What's a simple way to explain it?
HELP! My student loan payments are ridiculous and higher than all my friends'. What can I do?
I'm an US expat who just won a lawsuit, where would my money be safest? (CN)
Best bank for a pre-approved auto loan?
How Do Credit Cards Work?
I can't seem to find a solid FHA loan vs. Traditional mortgage comparison, can I get r/pf's thoughts?
Where were you financially when you started reading this subreddit, what did you learn, and where are you now?
Saving for retirement?
Can you help me put together a financial plan for my future?
I Can Buy Stock in the Company I Work For... What Should I Know Before Investing?
Pay off my loans or save?
Should I open a credit card or close my checking account?
Can any one tell me why the Target debit card would be a mistake to get?
Saving tips for a broke college student?
How much of a limit to ask for?
Am I thinking clearly on the Student Loan Interest Deduction?  This could save me a couple hundred this year (and probably a lot of others the same)
How to invest in corporations preparing for marijuana legalization?
For a 401k does employer contribution change the maximum contribution?
Have around $2,500 in debt, horrible credit, but on the upside, I finally have a stable job to get my financial house in order, but how?
Is there a good way to do a trial run of my 2012 
taxes before the end of the year?
Should I convert 401k to IRA to pay for school?
Ways to utilise a $50k term deposit once it matures... Advice? (NZ) 
I want some form of education, but don't want to get into more student loan debt than I am already. What should I do?
How Do You Get Out of Debt? (Part 7)- The Big Picture
My company is ending our 401k. Any ideas on what steps to take next to keep investing in a retirement plan?
How do I get out of my ex's debt I co-signed for (CA)?
Could someone help me with negotiating with a debt collector? Please? I'm an introvert. Oh God. 
27, 275k income, no deductions, tax or other of advice?
Saving up for a car, then later moving out. Do I have the right idea?
Student Loan Payments? Im so lost &amp; confused, I could use any advice I can get.
How did you pay off your mortgage?
How can you save up for emergency fund + Roth IRA when you have student loans and credit card debt? 
I am 20 and I've never had a credit card, so no credit. Advice on what one to get??
Started my own business...I'm the only employee, tax advice?
Is it bad to transfer more money into your credit card account than you owe?
Can somebody explain the "past payment history" part of credit score in detail? 
401k vs. Roth 401k vs. Roth IRA, Where should I change my contributions to?
There's no guarantee you'll be alive tomorrow, let alone in 40 years. What's your motivation to save v. "live life fully" now?
What is the best way to budget with fluctuating expenses?
Should I sell mutual funds to pay off my mortgage?
Still trying to get a credit card. Any advice?
Theoretical Question: Is it any worth to put money into a 401k/RothIRA/etc. if you plan on owning your own business one day? 
Going to buy a used car within a month. Will need to finance. Is this a creative option to enable me to put a larger down payment? 
Extra $500 a month to save with, where should it go?
Someone's applying for credit card with my info, what do?
Buying a house on a low-income. Possible? 
This may be a stupid question, but can you help me understand my 401k company match?
Are there tax considerations when paying for rent/utilities and receiving subsequent reimbursement from roommates?
Why do I need a retirement fund?
Pay off Student Loan Debt or continue minimum payments? 
Sallie Mae student loan balance increasing?
Should I finance part of a car in order to build credit?
Hey, PF, I'm living in south Florida with a relatively low income because I'm straight out of college ($36,000) but I recently inherited $50,000. My boyfriend makes about the same income. Would it be a stupid/wise decision to buy property?
How do I make finance interesting or fun, or at least not a chore?
Uninsurable (Life Insurance) - How to prepare family for my passing?
Never received bill for ambulance ride. Now I have ~2k in collections. Any tips on how to raise my credit score?
A little confused about (withdrawing) cash value of a life insurance policy. Is it possible to actually withdraw from your cash value? Or is the only course to take a policy loan?
How to invest in preparation for marijuana legalization? 
Should I go for a new 2012 Civic Hybrid at .9% APR (US)?
Best strategy to handle emergency fund replenishment?
Information on (fixing bad) credit?
What is a reasonable rate of return on a $200K investment?
To close or not to close: how many credit cards should I have?
Is contributing to family foundation the right choice?
Roth IRA...confused about credit union's option?
Changes to Self Employment Taxes for 2013?
Is it bad to pay my card off immediately?
Credit Union offering Accident Insurance is it worth it?
Help with Mint and USAA? Or finding an alternative?
Credit debt gone. How do I stay motivated?
I have 4 cards, Should I use only 1 every month, or all 4 evenly to make more on-time payments? Which is better for Credit Score?
Pay Gas with Cash or Credit with rewards?
Pay off $48k in 24 months?  Gonna give it my best shot.
I think my identity was just thieved, what do I do?
Paid at Home Depot with Paypal linked to old bank - will I overdraft?
Any reason NOT to do a backdoor Roth IRA?
Soon to be college grad that is not confident about his budget projection. How do I know if my budget projection is any good?
Advice on pooling money to invest [high school student]?
With 'fiscal cliff' looming, should I wait to refinance?
Is it better to wait for credit cards to submit balances (end of billing cycle) or pay them off before?
Strategy for not spending more once you get a raise?
I need a flight, but don't have the cash. Best way to pay for it?
Does anyone know how good this card is in terms of helping pay off student loans(esp compared to cash back cards)?
Recommend books that are a bit more dry than Rich Dad Poor Dad/Wealthy Barber?
Why did my credit score drop 30 points? 
(US) What kind of tax breaks should I expect for a newly  married young couple?
Need Advice: Possible to make my gf more financially responsible?
My broker is suggesting a very highly rated bond fund with a high expense ratio but no front loading. (Morningstar 5 star gold.)  What are your thoughts?  PIMCO PAUIX
Should I enroll in Flex Spending?
Can a higher salary be negotiated in this situation?
Should I cash in my silver eagle coins to pay off debt?
What does it really mean to diversify your funds?
23yrs, Debt Free, Few Expenses, Excess Money: What Should I Do to Save For My Future?
Would the IRS get suspicious if I max out retirement accounts in Dec?
Put myself in a tough spot. How do I pay for school now?
Should I use a HELOC for everything except day to day purchases?
Hey, Guys. I Was an Idiot and Got Whole Life Through NWM. I'm 21, Athletic, and About to Move. I Want to Cancel: What Will My Consequences Be? 
HSA recommendations?
529 - Let me get this straight. I can put cash into a 529, then immediately use it to pay tuition tax-free? Sounds too good to be true.
Is there any reason to not pay your mortgage off sooner?
I'm about to help my partner start a Vanguard target retirement roth IRA and max it out with 5 grand.   He keeps asking "when" is the best time to do that...now or after the holidays?  (Market timing question?) 
How much does social security pay, anyway?
Best vehicle to build emergency fund?
A salary question, is it appropriate to ask your employer for about the compensation research they've done?
Dad wants to hide money in my account, is this legal?
Successfully disputed an item on my CR with Experian and it has been deleted. Do I need to dispute with the other 2 reporting agencies now as well?
What happens to my benefits when I leave a job?
(CN) I live in China and want an account abroad. Help?
Best way to split income between parties from investment disbursements?
Did the IRS withholding calculator screw me?
Credit report confusion, What does this mean?
Im 21 and what to do things right. What would you do if you had a job and no bills at my age?
When is a buying a new car the financially smart thing to do?
Getting a tax refund from a state I don't live in?
Company is paying a $7 special dividend per share. Is taking the cash a huge mistake?
What are the best personal finance books I can get my parents? (CA)
What's the simplest way for my wife and me to track our personal spending allowances?
Big decisions for a soon to be grad (buying a car?)
What are your tips for using finance management software such as mint?
Can/Should i drop my health insurance?
What is the best way to obtain a copy of my credit report to pay off all of my bills/debts/etc?
Looking to have my money work for me but where? 
How do you track mutual funds performance including fees?
Should I contribute to my job's ROTH 401k or open up my own ROTH IRA account with Vanguard?
Applied for unemployment last Friday, didn't apply for jobs over the weekend. Did I screw up already? (US)
Im which Roth IRA funds should I invest?
What to do w/Dad's money to safeguard his care?
Moving from Sharebuilder to Vanguard, Suggestions as to which funds(s) to buy?
In tons of debt, sick of collector calls. Terrible with money.  Any suggestions?  
Should I use all my savings to pay down my student loan debt?
Where to put my money now?
Where to direct retirement money when match is yearly and you may not stay until the date?
Coming across some money, save or pay off debt?
Set up taxable account the same way as IRA?
New job offers an IRA of some kind...will this interfere with my plans to open a Roth?
Max Roth IRA immediately or contribute monthly?
I love my job... but I'm not getting paid overtime, no benefits, no holidays, no sick days. is this legal?
What contribute to an after-tax 401k (non-Roth)?
Wanting to start saving for retirement but employer does not match. What are my options? 
Inherited IRA vs. credit card debt?
Target offers 5% off on all purchases if you use their credit card.  If I plan to pay off the purchase immediately after making it, are there any reasons that it's a bad idea to have one?
I max my 401(k), should I also use a backdoor Roth and an HSA?
Moving back with parents at 30 years old to sort out finances... Good or bad idea?
How can I get cheap car insurance?
How Do You Get Out of Debt? (Part 8)- There Will be Resistance
What store cards offer better rewards than a generic cash-back card?
Should I Refinance?  Lots of details inside...
Which credit card is best for me?
Should I pay off my 2nd mortgage/heloc, or let it ride? 30,000 at 3.25 percent interest, house is currently at break even after years of being underwater during the recession.  How long are we gonna be there? Who knows..?!
Company doesn't match 401k (does some kind of profit-sharing instead) what % should I contribute?
If I want to purchase more than $10k in I-bonds for 2012 should I adjust my tax withholding near the end of the year so I can get up to $5000 in paper bonds from my IRS tax refund?
Resources and communities tailored to Canadian tax laws?
is it possible to withdraw money from a simple and a roth ira for a first time home purchase?
Trying to consolidate my debt. Where can I get a personal loan/credit card with little to no credit?
Is a payday loan my best option?
My mother is in a lot of debt from a failed business many years ago, she can't repay it. Should she declare bankruptcy?
Pension going away. Need to do something with the money. I have ~25 years until retirement. Advice?
Best way of dealing with credit card debt collectors?
To get a car or not get a car?  Any ideas for the 'last mile'?
What variables can impact my credit score positively, with regards to an auto loan? (US)
Proof of income for student?
Is it likely for 401k rules to change by the time I retire?
How am I supposed to even attempt to pay off Salliemae?
To those who give advice and answer questions - how did you get religion?
Planning to sell company stock from ESPP.  Pay down debt or reinvest?
Anyone else use their HSA as a retirement savings account?
Should I take a personal loan to both increase my credit score for a future house purchase and fund a Roth IRA?
Tracking donations/charity?
IF the mortgage interest deduction is eliminated, will home prices fall in response?
Can we refinance if we owe more than it's worth?
Accepted job offer, will be graduating in June, have to decide on start date (mid Aug, end Sept, Feb) - any advice? Anyone speak from experience? I fully understand this is the last time I'll get more than a week off for a long, long time...
How do I become more finacially savvy?
Question on Applying for a New Credit Card - Prior Credit Check: Good Idea?
Best way to track prices on individual items after grocery shopping?
Which credit card: Citi Forward or Amex Blue Cash? 
Question for the Canadian redditors... How on earth do you afford your homes? 
Recent college graduate receiving moderate windfall - where do I put it?
Does working in College effect how much Aid I could get? (Right Sub-Reddit?)
Every advice in here seems to be "pay of debt", "emergency fund", "live within your means".. Does any non-obvious advice exist for someone who's already on the right path?
Sudden heavy debt, but I own my house. Should I take out a mortgage or a loan against it to consolidate?
Help a girl save?
What is the best way to go about paying loans using investments?
Can you guys explain my credit card closing date to me like I am 5?
Just got my tuition bill...how the heck can I pay it?
Pay off student loans as "refund" within 120 days?
Very good friends having a child - starting a 529 or other plan for them with mutual buddies?
34 years old, no retirement plan, building a freelance career in Hollywood, finally saved a few bucks - now what?
25 years old... I've never had a credit card.  No debt, 27k in savings, what should I be doing?
Got a credit card. How can I improve the credit rating?
Help with credit card debt?
Using checking account and rewards card for everyday expenses. How to monitor 2+ accounts as if they were one account with one budget limit?
Are mortgages or home loans affected by the amount of people who live there?
Churning credit cards for the bonuses... do the benefits outweigh the costs/risk? (US)
Best way to pay off a debt? [Collections/Macys]
Bills: CC or checking account?
Investment strategy in preparation for a making a down payment on a house in the next 2-3 years?
Investment strategy in preparation for a making a down payment on a house in the next 2-3 years?
Can I file as "married" on my W-4 this upcoming January? 
Went from two to one income. Have CC balances. Pay them off with savings or just pay minimum monthly payment?
Fidelity Retirement Number - 8X final income? Seems low.
(UK) Any post-RDR provider picks for the upcoming ISA-frenzy season?
Any reason to keep 457 account open?
Are credit unions really everything they're made out to be?
Avoiding duplication in retirement accounts: Should my Trad IRA at vanguard be composed of the same stocks as my roth at vanguard? 
1) Do we need a CPA, CFA, and/or books. 2) How do we go about finding said resources?
Denied a student loan because of debt that doesn't exist.  What do I do?
Messed up - Now in Chexsystems - What can I do?
Need help making a decision: go part time/start paying loans immediately after graduation, or full time/push off payment for another 6 months?
What does "bank sweep" mean on your trading account statement?
I love my credit union, but the lack of 24 hour customer support just caused me a major headache.  Considering opening up a 2nd checking account with a a national bank for convenience in emergencies.  Good idea?  Suggestions for good checking accounts?
As someone entering the 'real world', when does the investment of owning real estate outweigh the cost of the mortgage? How long should I rent?
What's the best way to unload a krugerrand?
Help with a car, is it possible to get a better deal? 
Use Part Of Savings To Wipe Out Debt...Or Continue TO Make Payments Per Month?
Trouble with collections; how will this affect my credit?
Should I pull my money from an inherited IRA before the end of the year? [x-post from /r/accounting]
BMW Leasing - Can you negotiate down a special?
What is a good car loan company option with a credit score of 645?
Why is Sallie Mae sending me a bill that is due the same month I'm supposed to graduate?
My financial slate is blank. I'm 18, about to start college, and I have no idea where to start. Help?
Is anyone using Simple? Please share your thoughts.
Two different retirement date funds?
Which debt should I knock out first?
Too soon to refinance mortgage? Even worth it?
Why bonds at all? Why not always 100% equity?
Will Costco's new car buying program save me any money?
Text alerts for all transactions?
How do you manage inactive credit cards?
I have 2 scenarios here, would both have the same effect on your credit score?
Newly married this year, where to invest?
Is This Possible?!
What kind of credit hit should I be expecting from taking on a new car loan?
Should I refinance my auto loan?
Any reason not to open a third checking account?
Reddit, how do you NOT spend money?
How can I settle my debt for the lowest amount possible and be sure that's all I owe?
Is Buying a House Feasible? 
Can I switch a car lease?
What are your thoughts on Vanguard's Wellington Fund (VWELX)?
Milestone: enrolled in 401k today! Which funds should I pick?
My car payment is excessive, and detrimental to my budget. I still owe on it- what can I do?
My dad is gifting me 20,000 for a house, whats the best way to go about receiving it?
Did FICA change?
Has all of my Sallie Mae payments been going only to interest? Help me understand...
Invest in Roth IRA or pay student loans?
401k equal to credit debt—should I cash it out?
Hi... I need help. Is there anyone out there willing to help me figure out how I am supposed to budget and be a grown up so I can move out and be successful? 26 y/o female here
Pay off credit card or build up savings?
I have 4 credit cards -- including one with Wells Fargo that I have had for over 4 years - I rarely use it, should I close it?
Simple Question: When I make an electronic payment  to a credit card, why is there a delay in when it shows up on the card balance? (CA - if that matters)
Tax Question: Can just one person have a business lunch?
Is Federal Student Loan Consolidation a good idea? Please help!
Mortgages - What is reddit's opinion?
Should I invest in brokerage accounts?
Recent Medical and Loan Repayment Debt / What to pay off first and how?
My job requires me to use my car for business purposes. Any tips come tax time?
Entering the real world, what should be my approach to a SIMPLE IRA?
2013 Budget - Any Pointers?
Where should I financially start my life?
Any TV service in the US allows us to just pay for channels we want and not have a base package?
How I should handle my debt, and can my loaners can take my taxes/salary?
What should a young college student do with their money?
May seem silly, but Mid 20s, own a home, car, 401k, IRA, ETF Fund for fun, and 20k cash. What should i be doing differently?
US Airways Premier World Mastercard - two offers? Anyone have experience with this?
What should I do with $100,000?
(CA) Need advice on what to do with money.  Buy another apartment? 
How do I account for a pension in my financial planning?
Christmas bonus, deposit to old 401K account?
Just bought my first house with ridiculously low mortgage interest rate. Pay it off or invest?
Should I be concerned about the total # of accounts on my otherwise decent credit score?
When a potential landlord runs a credit check, what score are they going to see, and how can I see that score?
If I live at home, do I rent/own/or other my home?
Found out I am not eligible to contribute to an IRA. What options do I have for tax advantaged retirement accounts?
Paying off student loans sooner than later, is it a good idea?
Retirement, am I missing something?
29 year old, 40k/year.  Have ~1k extra/month.  What do?
Does this comic about how much stuff will cost in 2040 make inflation seem more real to you?
How can I challenge my real estate taxes?
I urgently need a short-term loan. What options and cautions should I know about?
Is there a word to describe having no money to spend on luxuries after investing/saving a fixed amount?
Should I pay 20k on my home loan while I have the cash?
Does anyone know of a bank or credit union which doesn't sell mortgages to investors after issuing them?
Pull out now?
Airpoints-rewarding Credit Card - good idea? (NZ)
Student loan or no student loan? (CA)
25yrs old, 135k salary, diversification/investment options? am I missing any investment opportunities?
Should I quit my awesome job for entrepreneurship?
Receiving €100,000. How to invest? Can invest in Europe as well as India.
Whats the difference between a USDA Rural Housing Loan and a regular mortgage?
how does my finance look?
How do you handle discretionary spending in your relationships?
This is embarrassing, but I couldn't pay my student loans back in time and now the agency is imposing wage garnishments. Has anyone been in this situation and how did you get out?
Utility company taking me for a ride, totally messed up my budgeting. Help?
Good websites to make informed decision on which credit card to sign up for?
28, $64k/year, BK - Best way to rebuild my credit? I'd like to be able to purchase a home in the next 12 months.
Do they withhold taxes during hardship withdrawal from 457 plan?
Should I consider rolling-over my mutual fund account into my Roth IRA?
Is this budget realistic?
How to deal with stock in a bankrupt company?
23 years old and buying a first home. What should I expect?
"Invest 15% of your income towards retirement." Is this pre-tax or post-tax income?
Moving from US to Australia - roll 401k to IRA or leave it?
About to start first job, Any suggestions as to how I should allocate my income as to maximize my future worth?
How much can I afford on rent? (75k / yr, NYC)
Do I have to wait for a credit statement for Discover Cashback to recognize a purchase?
Is there a way to access information on all your credit card accounts?
401k discontinued, where is the money?
I don't understand how my credit card applies payments. I exported the transactions, can you help me decipher it?
My dental office opened a credit card without my approval. What can I do about this?
Can I use Turbotax for my taxes this year? Independent contractor for a month, have some basic investments.
18 year old applying for as many credit cards as possible? (CA)
Roth contribution and IRA rollover in the same year?
Old, unused credit card. Advice?
Pay penalties and cancel AXA Variable Life Insurance?
What am I missing? $1000/month rent vs. $300/month mortgage payment...
Should I get a credit card to boost my credit score?
Is transferring credit card balances between multiple accounts OK or will it affect my credit negatively?
Buying a house while launching a new business?
Student loan help please?
How accurate is Turbo Tax?
What can I get deductions on?
Paying off my loans extremely aggressively, good idea or bad?
I'm a college kid with a bit of insurance money. I don't need it right now and I don't know what to do with it. Can I get some advice? 
I need advice on whether I should buy into a business. Who can I consult for professional advice?
In this situation, would you pay off the student loan debt?
Is there any reason to have a Discover and an American Express? 
Discovered $14k in debt under my name, what is the best course of action?
Is there any reason not to have my portion of the rent direct deposited from my paycheck into my boyfriend's bank account?
Mom is 80k in credit card debt, what can a college kid do?
Am I on the right track with what feels like a massive amount of debt? (CA)
How much does timing matter when it comes to investing? I'd like to change my strategy but don't know when to hit the GO button.
Anyone else out there worried about your parents' finances?
Going to open a new credit card (already have 3). Should I pay down the small (&lt;$1000) balance before opening or it doesn't matter?
What can I do?
Can I file my end-of-year bonus under this year's taxes if it isn't technically paid out until next year?
If I ask Toyota to reduce my monthly car loan payment, can anything bad happen?
How much money do you save by bundling things with a partner (multiple ppl on an account/bill) vs doing everything by yourself?
Just rolled over my old 401k/IRA into Vanguard.  Do I put my money in mutual funds or ETFs?  Should I be using the Target Retirement 20xx funds?
Have a simple IRA available through work.  Should I max it out even if funds have high expenses?
Anyone tried Motif Investing? Thoughts?
What do I need to do to make sure my credit is inline to buy a house in ~1 year?
What do I do with $50,000 in savings? 
What now?
Quick Question: Am I doing my emergency fund wrong with credit card debt?
 Plan on opening a Roth IRA, should I do it before the year ends?
In light of the TIL about the 78% of Football players going broke,  how exactly would you manage a one time check for 500k or 1 million? 
How can I survive on my own financially during univeristy?
Should I sell my stock before the end of 2012 to avoid Capital Gains Tax?
Signing up for multiple credit cards to earn points. How will this hurt me?
Should I rollover my Scottrade Roth IRA into a Vanguard Roth IRA?
Is there some catch to the free credit card monitoring offered by Credit Sesame and Credit Karma?
Using my name/credit to buy townhouse for in-laws?
Options to pay off bank "line of credit" faster?
Hypothetically, if you wanted to set up a fund similar to a university's endowment, where you can draw on the interest but not the principle, how would go about setting it up? How much would you need to make doing it worthwhile?
Parent taking over student loans?
What happens to your Roth when you make too much for it anymore?
Made the mistake of buying into a 529 with a big front-end load. What do I do now?
Never really had any financial education and I need to take out a loan for school. Any advice on how to get one, who from and what steps I need to take in order to be financially safe?
Should I get a 2nd credit card?
Thinking of ditching the Lazy 3 for a Target Date, thoughts? List in comments
Best way to meet my 12-monthly-debit-transactions requirement?
Is a credit card really necessary?
EL5: Why is a Three-Fund Portfolio more tax-efficient than a Target Retirement Fund?
Now that I have my emergency fund and putting 15% of my gross income into retirement, what do I do with the leftovers?
If you don't pay a bill on time, does your credit score immediately take a hit?
Graduating, have a job, have debt, safe to travel?
Holiday Bonus: Throw it at credit cards or wipe out a couple of student loans?
Is it worth it to have someone else do my taxes?
Can I keep my Student Loan Collectors from swiping my entire tax return? ...Again?
Multiple Roth IRA accounts?
It's 2nd January 2013, and you have $5,500 for your Traditional/Roth IRA to deposit.  Where is it going?
I'm planning on studying abroad in Europe. What credit card should I get?
What is one major thing you've done to help turn your finances around?
Price-to-rent ratios of metropolitan cities - is renting worth it? (NPR)
Is it appropriate for me to ask for a raise?  If so, how can I do it tactfully?
How do you find the best mortgage?
Possible to get audited for 2 years at once?
What should I know about buying shares for the company I work for?
AMEX Blue Cash Everyday or Costco AMEX credit card?
Is there any benefit to maxing out my IRA versus not for this tax year? Details inside.
Do you have a "magic number" for retirement?
Is there an easy way to remove post-tax dollars from an HSA?
Put extra income into car loan or towards Grad School to limit additional student loans?
Considering a move from Ameriprise to either Vanguard or USAA. Which is better?
What do you think the cuttoff % is in terms of paying off loans first vs saving?
3 lines of credit, i can pay one off now...or should i?
Other than /r/personalfinance where do you turn for financial advice?
Looking to get a mortgage out of college. No credit--Advice?
Should I  - Or when should I - Comment on my significant others retirement?
Is there an option for couples in the $100k range to have a company deal with finances? I'm sure there are plenty of couples out there who are not rich but have plenty to pay the bills but struggle with saving/spending strategy. 
Dear r/personalfinance, What advice would you give to a college student?
First credit cards - how should I use them?
Secured credit card?
Where do I go from here?
Money in the Teens (ideas???)
House purchase: All things being equal, what are your thoughts on a 10 yr ARM at 2.5% interest?
What to do with Holiday Bonus?
Vangaurd or T. Rowe Price for a Roth IRA?
I went over my credit limit by $200!  How badly will this hurt my credit?
Did anyone else get interest in their Electric Orange account today?
Purchased a house in August. Will seeking out a personal tax attourney net me a larger refund instead of filing myself?
What are good ways to diversify?
 Credit Card: Why is my available credit so much lower than my total credit limit? 
Received a 401(k) check in the mail from a previous employer. Have 180 days to do something with it. Help! What are my options?
Can someone please ELI5 contingent value?
Has anyone had any success getting a credit card company to change your product to something better without having to reapply?
I have a CD maturing in a few days. What is the best rate you know of?
Should I move home?
I would like to put $5k into mid-to-longterm savings. Index fund, Trad IRA, or ROTH IRA?
Currently renting. Want to buy and move into a duplex, no money for downpayment. Can/Should I take out a personal loan?
401(k) matching: My employer kicks in 3% of salary no matter my contribution. How much should I contribute?
Credit score question - Will getting a "delinq 150" changed to a "settled" significantly impact my score?
Should I cut my losses? Made a poor choice I think regarding whole life insurance.
Factors to consider for a Roth IRA if you are younger and have higher income?
Has anyone used YNAB?
Can VSP or FSA dollars be spent on non-prescription sunglasses?
Junior Achievement organization - any reviews or experience?
Old undeposited FSA check?
Paid CC 5 days late, will it show on credit report?
Just closed a BOA account, they said it would be reactivated if any activities occur. How can I completely cancel the account?  (x-post r/finance)
Looking for a SAFE 3-5 year investment.  TIPS, I-Bond, CD or other?
Student Loan may be submitted to Collections Agency by next year. What are the potential consequences of this?
Should I choose "Income-Based Repayment," "Pay As You Earn," or "Income-Contingent Repayment" for my federal student loans?
Best retirement investment vehicle for the self-employed / small business owner?
Does anyone here live on 50% of your income or less?
So What's the deal with Suze Orman anyway?
What do you think happened after the 1970's that started the downward trend in the savings rate?
I just got offered my first job out of college and this will be the first time I'll be 'on my own'.  Any tips for financial security?
Credit scores take a hit when there's a failure to pay a hospital bill, but why is there no boost when they're paid in full?
Student loans, paying bills and budgeting advice?
Returned Deposited Item for 'Expired' Check?
35, 13k in savings - annual income of less then 15k.  How screwed am I?
Seeking advice: how does being claimed as a dependent change my aid through federal student loans?
Did I screw up getting a new credit card?
What's currently the best way to consolidate student debt and reduce the interest rates?
should I risk getting a mortgage?
Inheriting 401k, forced to take a lump sum distribution. What can I do?
Is it better to pay off low-rate secured debt or invest?
How do deferred loads for mutual funds typically work, exactly?
Can somebody please explain the rent/buy calculator? 
Taxes on money earned in foreign countries?
Do you guys think YNAB is a good Christmas gift for someone who is retired?
Spouses: Apply for credit cards jointly or separately?
Should I open a 529 for grad school this fall?
Totally spaced on a credit card payment- anything I can do?
Student, 4 years behind in taxes. Can I ask the IRS for records if I don't have them?
Just turned 18, looking for a bank?
My parents want to sell their small business and try to make a living off of a second home. Any advice?
What charities do you donate to?
Just Finished "Financial Peace" - anybody have digitized versions of the back-of-book worksheets?
Shopping for a new car loan soon. How can I get the best rate?
First time budget. How's this look?
Stock options - Sell before the 31st? Bide your time?
Should I try it?
Should I transfer all my savings from Chase to Ally for higher APR? Are there any things to consider?
Depositing settlement funds into joint account(s)?
Hope to move out ASAP, how do I make sure I'll be financially stable?
How is my budgets compared to the rest of r/personalfinance? (23) Looking for ways to save even more.
Help me unravel a mystery! Found out I have at least $1,200 in a Household Bank account, but the company was bought out years ago. How can I get my money?
Considering (temporarily) going homeless to pay off my CC. Anyone have any experience with this?
Alternatives to ING/Capital One 360?
Can I save for retirement AND pay student loans? I need your advice.
How safe is Mint.com and other personal finance tools?
Pretty sure it's a bad idea from an "absolute value" standpoint, but maybe not from a human one.  Should a "sell" my structured settlement?
How do you deal with different Christmas gift budgeting priorities?
I really need to sort out my finances. Can I get some advice, please?
What are your ynab4 tips, tricks and secrets?
Pay my entire student loan balance? (~$5k)
Receipt organization software?
Looking for the best use of my money from Santa Claus. What does r/personalfinance say?
Doing my research re: changing things up - what am I missing?
(US) I accidentally made an E-Check payment to a credit card for X have no funds, bank is now negative -$2740 anyone help?
Significant Other in massive student debt--what would you do?
Monthly savings - Do I include 401k and ESPP?
Would it ever be a good idea to take a withdrawl from your 401k to pay off unsecured debt?
How do I transfer legal ownership of a car on a lien? 
Any reason to rollover previous employer's 401(k) to current employer's 401(k)?
Pros/Cons of using an HSA as an investment vehicle and not for healthcare expenses?
Buy a starter home or save for a "dream" home?
Need to sell stock [before or after the new year?]
(US) Group account for group of 20-something friends for pooling betting money, pooling money to be used for trips, etc?
Can someone explain how deducting medical expenses on my taxes this year will affect my return?
(US) What will happen to my paycheck when we go ove the fiscal cliff?
It's been six months since I signed up to have my 401k rolled over from my previous job and it hasn't happened yet.  Am I losing money?
My company's 401k plan just added three low cost Vanguard funds for 2013.  Does it make sense to have a less diversified portfolio in order to get much lower expense ratios?
Can I dispute a credit card purchase if I threw away the receipt?
First job. How much of a raise can/should I ask for? Pretty lost.
How does r/personalfinance budget for Gifts and other repeating, but not really annual or monthly expenses?
Hit all my goals for this year. What do I work on next year?
Would you refinance this condo?
Which is hurting my credit rating more (advice request)?
Should I take a student loan that I know I can pay back immediately to increase my credit score?
What kind of risk should I take on?
REIT funds in retirement portfolio?
Taking advantage of rewards credit cards: Any downside?
So 2012 is done. Where did your money go this year. What will you change for next year?
Am I correct in understanding my type of IRA?
Should I itemize? Clarification on some possible deductions
Which of the following loans should I make a large payment on?
Is "living off investments" a reasonable goal and how might I be able to achieve it?
Can I Afford It?
Help me choose a bank? 
Roth 401k, Roth IRA, or Regular 401K? 24 y/o high income
Came into 1,500.00.  Should I aggressively pay debt? 
What was it like in the old days?
BofA check policy question. A personal check that I deposited is being charged back I think. BofA has little details on why(figures). How do I know if the check writer is trying to dupe me?
Any reason not to switch to the Discover It Card?
Okay, how many of you have LITERALLY frozen credit cards? Did it help?
Rolling over old 401k into new 401k or into Roth IRA?
My employer has stopped depositing my IRA withdrawals. I am guaranteed my money at some point, right?
So I need some advice, and I'm working on getting all my numbers together, what is the best format to post my assets/debts/income/other relevant information to make as easy as possible for you guys to help me? Thanks!
everything i ever see about saving has to do with retirement...what are other options?
Tax rate fluctuating per-paycheck?
knocking out smaller loans early vs. being efficient with interest rates?
Planning a destination wedding: Should I get an AirMiles credit card?
Student Loan Graduation Date?
Is it OK to have to bank with a CU and another bank?
Buying a house before graduation - bad idea? (21M, USA)
Should I open up a credit card to build credit?
Just refinanced my mortgage. Think it's possible for rates to fall any further?
Just got into med school, what should I be doing to prepare for it financially?
Are there any websites like "unbury.me", but also include calculations for if the extra money is invested?
Are there any great websites for finding mortgage interest rates?
I got my first unsecured credit card! ...Help?
Due to a combination of mental illness and lack of education and parental support, I'm in very bad shape financially. How can I turn my life around?
Redditors of /r/personalfinance, what item do you not skimp on?
Filing for bankruptcy on my own?(No attorney help)
How do I invest for retirement when making more than $100,000? Like... which way?
What happens to a US retirement account if the holder becomes a citizen of another country?
My dad is going to be getting his retirement soon. What should he put that money to to make sure that it will ensure his future?
A question about a mortgage refinance. Should I go with the 30 or 15 year if I'll probably sell in 3-4 years?
So what exactly is the deal with repaying student loans and what the government has done to make it easier?
I was recently denied a student loan from Wells Fargo. Could this have anything to do with a minor run-in with the law I just had?
What non retirement or CD accounts, do you use for short term savings? (3-5 years)
What are your tips to better budgt and save money? 
How much to spend on rent?
As a self-employed, Do I make contributions to a SEP-IRA before or after taxes?
Will going over the fiscal cliff lower house prices?
Auto loan with CapitalOne or "in-house" financing?
Can someone explain to me the concept of "Stocks average x% return"?
Should I pay off credit cards before worrying about savings?
First home loan plus extra for student loan?
Am I over Vanguarding?
Transfer credit card debt to 2nd mortgage?
Does it make sense for me to trade in my car?
Roth or traditional ira?
24 y/o, saved up, should I pay off loans now?
Is bonus income taxed differently than salary/paycheck income?
Does the 401(k) maximum contribution include or exclude the employer match?
6 months after graduation. Pay off loans or Roth IRA?
Can we afford a house right now? (CA)
Payoff a 401K loan now or continue making payments as scheduled?
Can I earn some sort of deduction from my kid applying to colleges?
College student looking to make a long-ish (15 year) financial plan. Where do I start? (Los Angeles, CA)
California- Is my car share tax-deductible?
Huge jump in income coming up. What are the first steps?
New grad with poor credit: best credit cards? and other questions
Borrowing to top up RRSP? (CA)
Closing an unused credit card?
Still Roth IRA if I have Roth 401k available and good choices?
Amazon Credit Card for a Single Purchase?
Extra emergency fund cash. What to do with it?
keep paying off loans or start saving?
Bonus going to student loan or car loan debt?
Is there any way to change your 401(k) company?
Should I be spending a third of my income on housing?
Can anyone spare a moment to explain Auto Insurance Score?
Is it a bad idea to rent out our current townhouse to buy larger home?
Does this make sense? Pulling out of Roth 401k in favor of a Roth IRA
What new year resolution's have you made to start saving more money in 2013?
Schwab or Vanguard Mutual Funds?
Should I open an Amazon Rewards Visa Card for student textbooks?
My Mint account says "Rollover your old 401(k) to an IRA for greater retirement savings", and claims I will have over 25% more by retirement age if I do.  Can someone explain this?
(UK) --&gt; (US) Moving and having a non zero credit rating after the move. any tips?   
Should I be LESS concerned about my boyfriend's shared condo situation?
Looking to buy a house in the next year, should I pay off a 5 year old $2700 dollar debt now or after?
What am I doing wrong?
Spiraling downward and trying to regain control of my finances. Any advice?
Paying a loan in someone else's name - subject to gift tax?
Buying and renovating a new home. What kind of loan do I get?
About to leave a job: what happens to my FSA dollars?
If the Senate's fiscal cliff deal passes the House, what will the 2013 tax rate tables look like (specifically married filing jointly)?
How Do I Get A Private Student Loan?
Looking to start in index funds with some savings. Lump sum, or dollar cost average?
Credit Card increase every 6months?
I want to stop myself from being lazy and I need repercussion for being lazy. Any ideas?
How was your last year?
Roth IRA or Traditional for a 1099?
My debt and attempt to purchase a home. What do I attack first? 
Is this a good plan for placing my emergency fund?
Gas/Electric Bill - Did they misread my meter?
So I just found out my father (who has since passed away) racked up like 5 grand on a credit card in my name about 4 years ago. I'm in no position to pay this off. Is there any truth to "It falls off your credit after 7 years"? 
Anyone else with alliant credit union? 
My 2013 MAGI will fall indeterminably within the Roth IRA phase out, but I still want to contribute before pinning down my exact MAGI. Should I just backdoor the whole thing?
Husband of 30 years left me with enormous credit card debt, a house in short sale, stole my retirement and pension, and I just received a $513k inheritance - best course of action?
Is Ramit Sethi from I will teach you to be rich any good?
Trying to be financially smart while attending college, did I start too late?
Personal Accounting 101 advice?
How old were you when you started investing?
About to get $3000of vacation time paid out; Should I pay off the remainder of my car loan or put it in savings?
We've seen a lot of "My mom/dad got me into CC debt". How does this happen?
I'm young and about to inherit a large sum of money and wealth. How do I go about finding a good investment/financial planner/strategist?
OASDI increase?
How much do you spend on food per month?...
Started selling some personal art, should probably get a tax accountant. Where do I find one?
Internship money --&gt; Retirement Savings? To keep things liquid, or save before grad school
Pay off HELOC or invest?
This year is the first year I've worked full time year round (graduated last summer), and it looks like I'll owe money for taxes for the first time. How can I avoid this next year? [USA]
Audiobooks for PF?
Should I lump all my accounts with the same bank?
Roughed up taxes on TurboTax, says I owe $2600. Seriously?
Recommended IRA Investments? (Vanguard)
Financing a move to a new city. What were your experiences?
Can anyone suggest books or websites geared toward employed recent graduates (CAN)?
Anyone have insight or experience with the SmartMove program (in Illinois, specifically)?
What budget lines will you be changing to make up for the payroll tax increase?
To sell used car or not?
Mileage and meal deductions on a 1099?
Has anyone used an ING Sharebuilder Basic account for investing &lt;$1,000?
Want to buy a Two-Family house, how can I maximize the potential loan amount?
How will the change in payroll tax affect teachers?
recommended service for credit notifications or credit freezes?
What is process to cash out one (or several) I-Bonds?
Health Savings Account (HSA) contributions post-tax?
Trying to wean myself and move out of an over-coddling, over-protective household. Where do I start?
Index mutual funds don't exist here, should I just go for the lowest cost fund?
My employer doesn't provide a 401(k) plan - do I have any options to contribute funds to a retirement account pre-tax?
College student here. What's the best way for me to save and invest for my future?
Two ideas for eliminating my debt--help me pick the best one?
I'm 25m, should I be getting life insurance and thinking long-term, or should I wait until I start a family?
How to you put aside for monthly expenses? 
Thoughts on Health Sciences Investment Fund (PRHSX) for 401(k)?
Kids are in need of orthodontics.  Can't afford this and sports lessons.  Should it be my decision, or let them choose?
How to Pick a CPA?
These days whats considered the best cashback credit card?
Is this a bad time to invest? Market high?
Which state(s) to file taxes in?
Quick Vanguard Q: To invest in mutual funds / bonds for retirement, do I open a "Brokerage" account? (Also: should I put this in another IRA?)
Should I pay this collection agency to clean my credit?
About to get my CCNA and CCNP certifications. Been working at my current company (in claims, insurance) for 3 years, 1 on contract. Want to buy a car, but being young and stupid, my finances aren't where I'd like them to be. Advice? More in the description.
Didnt get any response in /realestate:  Now what,  Horde Cash or acquire another property?
My 401(k) is changing the way I can buy/sell company stock from a "company stock fund" to "real time trading" What are the potential advantages/disadvantages? How can I make the most of this change?
College freshman, should I be investing?
Should I/Could I go after this debt collector?
I am a student (in debt) who just received a small inheritance, what should I do with it?
Should I ask for a credit increase to help on a loan?
(CH) Whatshould I do with my Money?
How to save using American Express?
Looking for a good way to determine cost per person averages in a household. Any ideas?
I received a large cash deposit and I'm not sure why. What do I do?
Could I bother someone for medical bill advice?
Is it better to take on a car payment than pay in full? I am looking to build credit.
Should I get a new credit card with rewards?
Can I Refi? Only 18 months in first home, 92.9% LTV
Chase locked account due to *incoming* transfer?
I need to get my daily spending under control. How do you guys feel about withdrawing a pre-determined amount of cash each week and buying everything with cash?
Pay off mortgage or keep savings?
I get very bored doing finance.  I want enjoyable software that tells me what to do. What is the best?
I inherited ~$100K...what should I do with it?
Graduated college without ever using my 529 prepaid tuition. Now what do I do with it?
Should I rent out or sell my home?
Student loans automatically consolidated, how do I pay towards only higher interest loans?
Got some extra cash flow, how should I invest it short term?
(US) Looking to teach basic money management to high school kids for free. Any suggestions/links?
Inherited ~32k, advice?
How many of you use index funds almost exclusively for retirement?
As I get closer to finishing college, should I get a credit card to start building my credit history?
College student worked his ass off for 18k in savings. Now what do I do?
Is consolidation possible for my student loan situation?  
Should I refuse a raise if it will lead me into a higher tax bracket?
Should I refuse a raise if it will move me up a tax bracket?
[UK] moving out of a flat to live with my girlfriend. Why am I having such trouble trying to find gas/electricity prices?
Moved from US to Singapore. What to do with 401k?
24 y/o, make 70K a year. Still live at home rent free and have nothing to show for it. How can I start investing for the future? (AU)
Refi without closing costs?
Switching banks and setting up an IRA? (US)
Can someone explain to me CreditKarma;s "Auto Insurance Score"?
Checked my credit report for the fist time. I have some outstanding debts that I have been ignoring the past few years. How do I handle this the best way possible?
How do I invest smaller sums of money into stocks/mutual funds/ETFs?
My company offers 401(k) and Roth 401(k) - What to choose?
After having an internship for 2012, can I write off transportation and suits purchased on my taxes as a work related expenses?
Schwabb, USAA, or a Credit Union for personal banking?
Is there somewhere insecure bank policies can be reported?
My family recently inherited a large house. Sell or rent it out?
Is it bad to borrow against my 401k to buy a car?
Question about collection account fee on my credit report. How to go about dealing with it?
Paying down my mortgage, am I crazy?
26, almost debt free, where should my money go first: paying off last bit of debt or needed dental work? 
Credit Cards/ Banks don't have my sisters' information on file?
I need to take out some type of personal loan, but have no idea where to go or start?
How will you adjust your budget with the full payroll tax back in effect?
I have substancial credit card debt in collections. Let it go or pay it off?
Recommendations for credit counseling, debt consolidation?
(CA)Almost done paying off my debt, finish it or drag it out and rush into the housing market?
Website recommendations for learning about investing for beginners? 
What's the best way to estimate the "compound" returns of a mutual fund over time?
How should I invest my extra money every month? (CA)
Anyone have experience with Servus? Thinking of switching over. (CA)
Best cell phone plan if I already have a smartphone?
I'd like to buy a house when I'm 35. How much should I have saved up?
Is there a way to SWITCH credit cards without destroying your credit history etc?
I am about to take a Dave Ramsey class called "Financial Peace."  What am I looking at?
Can the following items be written off on taxes? 
Any good retirement calculators that don't require Java?
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Father is unable to handle finances anymore, what's the best way to help when I don't live near him?
Refinancing - have terms for mortgages changed?
New Job, advice on finances?
I have OK credit, how do I make it better?
My 401k plan changed this year so I can't contribute more than 10% of my paycheck. Is this allowed? I won't be able to max out as I have in previous years.
Going to college next year, where to put my savings?
Should credit card payments be factored into "Emergency Savings"?
Recommendations for best way to divvy up savings into different buckets?
599 Trans Union Score; how to improve that and finances?
Friends contribute to our son's 529 plan? Where &amp; How?
I'm an 18 year-old high school graduate about to start a government position for $18k/year. Advice &amp; opinions?
Buying vs. Renting - am I missing anything? (Westchester)
My goal is to be able to buy a house at the beginning of next year. What, aside from saving, should I be doing to prepare for that?
Saying no to parents?
Any books out there for young professionals learning about the basics when it comes to personal finance?
Make payment on CC before statement closing to avoid high usage %?
Company 401k through ADP--How do I choose funds?
How can I help my mother retire?
Going into a Debt Management Plan with StepChange, what to expect from creditors?
(UK) How do I ensure a fruitful future?
New job to be paid "in cash"/not on payroll. Is there any way for this not to end up taxed as self employment?
Any alternatives for Mint.com in Europe?
My brother makes ~46k a year and has ~126k in student loan debt at ~8%.  Are there any programs that can help him?  Details inside.
Should I keep renting or should I buy a cheap Condo? (Can) Not sure what to do with my money!
I have a loan with a bank I'm not a member of. Can I sign up with them and assume control of that account? (US)
What's the best strategy for making large purchases (furniture for a new home)?
Calculate savings bond value two years from now?
How to make my money work for me?
Unemployed College Student - Worth it, or possible, to start a Roth IRA fund?
Tax benefits for employer-provided housing?
Am I the only one that feels this way?
How do I go about finding a fee-based retirement advisor?
I have $50k in retirement savings at the age of 27 - how am I doing?

Does it make sense to max out my HSA contribution for the year or put that money into my 401-k?
If I'm added to my spouse's CC account, will I get credit for their payment history?
In your opinion, what features or fixes would improve your Mint experience the most? 
Defaulted on Private Student Loan from Jan 2007 from a company that doesn't exist anymore. Am I In The Clear?
Allowances impacting Federal Taxable Gross?
Consolidation of consumer debt into mortgage?
I'm in a bad financial situation.  I need to start life over.  What would be my best plan?
Passively Beat Inflation? (CA)
My partner's 401k plan at work has no matching and the funds (Great West Maxim funds) have high ERs.  Is there any advantage to using a no matching work 401k plan over a simple vanguard IRA?   
Debate: House or continue renting?? 
If I am given a mutual fund from someone what is that normally called when figuring out how it applys to taxes?
Identity Theft Protection?
What do I do with so many paystubs?
Is approximately $10,000 a year for going to school too much? That includes everything (room and board, books, etc.)
Should I get new flooring before moving into my new house?
What checking deposits are offering the best rates at the moment?
What to do with my current car savings?
How does everybody set up bank accounts for various purposes? 
Is it worth it to pay 4K now in order to save about $1100 in interest over the next three &amp; a half years paying off my student loans?
After 401k/Roth: Real Estate vs. Regular Investing?
I have terrible credit. Is a pre paid credit card a good idea? 
Best way to pay off student loan?

I am in the market for a new bank. Any recommendations?
My (Roth) 401(k) actually does have FANTASTIC choices! Eschew my Roth IRA for it?
How can I pay my final semester's tuition?
Any benefit to picking up a second "free" health insurance plan?
Anyone use Betterment?
I was laid off on Friday..what are my first steps?
Got a Roth IRA, what else can i do?
I want to open a ROTH and make my $5K contribution for 2012.  Anybody with experience doing this?
Are 5th or 6th year college seniors allowed to claim the "American Opportunity Tax Credit" since it has only been around since 2009, even though it's limited to the "first four years"?
Considering transferring funds from my Vanguard taxable stock index fund to a tax-managed fund. Is it a good idea? If so, best equivalent fund?
Wife Has Med Student Loan. We Pay IBR Monthly. File Jointly or Separately in 2013?
Buying Vanguard Canada: Any advice on which ones?
How's my debt repayment plan?
How to best invest money from my side job and limit my tax burden?
How can I predict what my tax return will be?
Can I obtain a mortgage loan against property I don't own yet but intend to buy with cash?
Just got my first credit/charge card; American Express Gold card! What are some things I should keep in mind as a college student graduating in 5 months?
How to invest my HSA?
Should I roll my 403(b) over into my 401(k)?
Short term investments?
Awesome 2012: Bought a house, got married. What to do about taxes?
Retirement saving: what is the best way to maximize company 401k match?
What kind of general knowledge (finance/banking) questions can I expect in an interview for a CSR position in a bank? (CANADA)
[US] [NYS] [NYC] Where can I find simple information about what my total tax burden would/could be?
Personal Capital - an alternative to Mint. Anyone have experience with it?
College student with loan refund check, I did a quick search in this sub that came up empty.  So my question is what should I do with it?
Do you have a "number"? And what is it?
Which loan to pay off first?
What determines whether or not it's better to itemize or take the standard deduction on your personal taxes?
Does it matter where I open a Roth IRA? 
Is it worth to consolidate my loans with a CU?
Is this a fluke or did I really miss the boat on something here?
Can I invest a set amount each year to apply toward taxes instead of paying with each paycheck?
Order of paying debt down?
How much of gross income should go to rent?
To BK or not BK?
I found an investment site called Betterment through Mint.com. Anyone here have any experience with it?
What should I do with my savings? (10-15K)
Can anyone else not get to the Vanguard homepage?
Aside from the supplements in the sidebar, what are some differences between a 401K and Roth IRA to a 22 year-old just out of college, making ~$60,000/yr., and which should I be looking into?
My company was bought by a larger one. Have Fidelity 401K, they use Merrill Lynch. Should I let it roll over to them?
3rd child on the way. Should I buy a new or used minivan?
Credit Card cashback dollars: any reason to accumulate them?
Starting a business while on unemployment? :D
Advice for my parents?
Paying off a credit card too quickly?
How much will I have in-pocket after taxes?
Are we living outside our means?
Mint vs. Pageonce? 
Graduating college in ~5 mos. can I afford to study abroad?
Need to bump credit by a single point by paying down debt - but which loan?
Have you guys heard of Lending Club?
I made only $9,000 in 2012. I paid $914 in Fed Withholding.  I rolled my Traditional IRA of $5,000 over to a Roth IRA.  What can I assume my tax return will be?
Disability Insurance - How much should we pay?
2012 taxes, should I file by hand?
Is it reasonable to pay up to or more than 50% of your take-home pay to killing non-CC debt?
Question about Roth IRA 2012 contribution - Can I make a contribution to 2012 limit AFTER I file my tax returns for the year 2012?
Is a $5/month admin fee for a 401k at my prior employer reasonable?
/r/pf, what are YOUR plans for your money after you're debt free?
Should I be paying extra money monthly towards my principal amount? Or would making standard payments result I'm the same maturity date?
Opened a Roth IRA with T.Rowe but would like to move it to Vanguard. How do I go about this?
Quit both my jobs, Whats the best way to use my savings?
Hey /r/personalfinance, how much do you pay for health insurance? 
I'm saving up for an apartment in few months. How much should I save?
Starting work as an independent contractor. What do I need to know?
Where to invest?
Has anyone done the Boston University CFP Program?
Is there a way to include estimated rent from subletting rooms into the CNN rent/buy calculator?
How do I set up a Roth IRA?
I am upside down in my car, how do I get out?
I have $13k saved up at 23 y/o, and I want to move out.  Should I get a condo?
Do I have to use my company's 401k provider? I really, really dislike Paychex. 
Did you recently get a new checking or savings account with a reward bonus? or great interest rate with no minimum?
Paying Student Loan from my Small Business?
What would be a smart thing to do with 13k of liquid money?
Should I pay for a car in full cash or get a loan? Due to my short credit history, the best interest rate I'm getting is 6.4%. Please help.
My investments appear to be underperforming. What gives?
What do I do with the 50k sitting in my checking account? Details below.
Where to put money being saved for a distant large purchase? (3-4 years)
Financially, what does it take to live completely on your own?  (original post in r/needadvice)
When do I stop saving and start investing? Should I put 5000k of my savings into a Roth IRA before April to max out for 2012?
18 year old, where to start?
Can I get a savings account in Australia where the interest rate is 5%?
I could really use some advice on saving for a house. Where should I put my money?
Best option for £15k in the (UK)?
Unbury.me not calculating correctly?
How to find a good tax accountant? I don't know anything about filing taxes and need help and want to avoid places like HR Block. 
Advice on to pay off loan or pay off mobile contract?
Investing in Health Care Mutual Funds?
Are there any better financial choices I could be making?
Is it ever OK to cancel an old (paid-off) credit card? How long should I wait?
Am I creating a huge tax headache for myself?
"Simple"--a replacement for traditional banks. Anybody use this?
Can someone please explain the different between the dividend rate on a Regular Share Account and the interest rate on a Savings Account?
Anyone ever used American Express Savings?
Best savings options for 50k?
Hey I just started an LLC doed anyone know of a good book or pdf for advice and guidelines on guidelines and benefits?
Paid for all of college expenses with grants and loans, do I qualify for any tax credits still?
Sell Apple stock and start an IRA? Pay down loans? Leave it where it is?
I am a college freshman with $3,000 in my bank account. What should I do with the money?
Reddit, how do I account for a fixed pension when I value my retirement?
Can banks waive loan origination fees?
I'm 24 years old, just started making $66k. What would you have done?
Simple Bank - Anyone have any experience with it?
Am I paying my credit card bill at the wrong time?
Where is your account?  What's makes an online investment account great?
First job that's ever had a 401k. No idea what to invest it in. Any ideas?
[USA] Any good reason not to move my basic savings/checking to Ally?
Financial advisor suggests MAGWX for my son's 529 college fund.  Opinions?
Does having a stagnant credit account with a $0 balance help/hinder my credit rating?
Pay off car or credit card debt with recently acquired cash?
Is refinancing my car worth it?
Should I sell my car?
Student Loan Consolidation?
Is one responsible for debt acquired before a bankruptcy if the deb wasn't specifically listed?
What are some expenses with renting out a house?
I am about to receive a $30,000 pay increase. Any tips or words of wisdom to begin managing my finances better from the beginning?
How do I beat inflation while sitting on my money?
Should I be consulting with a financial advisor? Mid 20s College student trying to do the right thing. 
Canadian.  Paying off debt with a consolidation service. How to rebuild faster?
Can I get some newbie credit card advice?
When's the best time to ask for a credit increase?
what are some less obvious criteria by which a bank determines how much mortgage one qualifies for?  Are there any short term things that I can do to boost my amount (is it better to pay down my balance on my credit cards, for example?)
Bounced check ended up going through, who's fault is it? 
What considerations should I make when working in a foreign country?
Joining the Navy in June, have massive college debt. Does this plan seem ok?
Complicated situation with defaulted loans. I live overseas now, can't apply to grad program til it's squared away. Help?
First Eagle Funds(?)
Would you exchange FLPKX for VIIIX?
I'm a teacher in China. What should I do with my money?
What is the smartest way to stay liquid?
I'm buying textbooks. What can I do, given the following circumstances, to ensure that I spend the least amount of money possible?
Trust upon death?
How is this personal finance plan for 2013?
Are savings bonds a good idea?
Honest assessment of 2012 finances?
Saving for the "real world." What should I do based on what I have going for me?
Fiancé's first credit card?
Should I pay off my student loan?
How do I get my roommates to pay their bills?
If I am pre-approved for a $80,000 home mortgage loan (based on having 20% down),  can I take $20,000 of it and get a slightly cheaper house (thereby purchasing with zero down)?  Is that illegal?
Put My Emergency Fund Towards Car Loan?
Pay down student loan or Roth IRA?
Am I getting robbed by Management Fees? (CA)
My in-laws are giving us $50,000 to invest. What should we do? (X-Post from r/askreddit)
Funding a personal HSA?
Collections and Pay to Delete - No Guarantees?
Move RRSP for $850? - Anyone else have crazy stories like this?
My 2012 finances, critiques?
Can someone explain how vesting schedules/matching work?
Which version of TurboTax should my family go with this year?
I have several accounts (Roth IRA, 401k, 403b, regular accounts) with different firms.  How much should I consolidate into the same firms? 
Currently unemployed - What should I do with my 401k?
Year end bonus?
Please help. $12k in debt. Should I consider consolidation?
I just received a refund from my university and wanted to put some money towards my student loans. Should I opt for a 'refund' to reduce the principle or a 'payment' to reduce interest?
Best bank for automobile refinance?
When trading stocks with dividends, do they pay out prorated dividends if you sell mid-pay period?
Soonest to receive a W2 and 1099 from an employer?
USAA or Schwab for checking?
How to split up my 401(k) investing?
Hi r/personalfinance, I came home to find my W-2 open.  I'm going to the Post Office tomorrow to find out where my mail was routed and calling my banks to alert them.  What else should I do?
24yo moving to seattle to start 105k + 15k bonus job. How do I set myself up to be wealthy?
Can I have a 401K and an IRA?
Notice/disclosure of vehicle repossession?
Baby's gotta learn: IRA or 529 for college savings?
VDIGX or SWPPX for HSA?
So I made a poor profession choice (literally)...advice?
Can we create a "Student Loans: Plans of Attack and Best Practices" guide?
Capital One Closed credit card.. Can it be reopened once balance is paid off?
Should I use a CPA for my taxes?
How will purchasing stock options affect my income tax?
When I set up my company 401k, I picked funds basically at random. Is there a better way to decide which funds to use?
Can you look at how I'm allocating my budget and comment on if I have my priorities straight in your opinion?
broke 22 year old - advice for starting a retirement plan?
Are there any disadvantages private student loan consolidation? (Cross post from r/StudentLoans/)
Why is r/personalfinance so hostile to financial advisors?
Can your W2 form and last paycheck have different wages totals?
reality check: quick score boost from getting on relative's card?
Do you know wealthy people? How did they become rich? What are their principles/habits?
Facing hundreds of thousands of dollars in student loans - do I get out now?
What should I do with $10,000?
What's the best introductory offer (cash back/miles) on any credit card you've seen lately?
Why an HSA?
Using a line of credit for half of my emergency fund. Thoughts? [CA]
Permanent Life Insurance as a private reserve?
Upstairs neighbor's A/C pipe burst -- but their insurance isn't accepting liability? I need some advice!
I have horrid credit from being poor and delinquent  during school. I'm no longer poor, how do I best go about correcting the damage? 
Should I add my Fiance to our mortgage application?
Done some research, but still unsure of what to do. Please help? 22 yr old
Interest on loan not the agreed upon amount, what action to take?
What's the best introductory you've heard of for a credit card (cash back, miles, or travel points)?
An interactive "Rent vs Buy?" graphic
Credit Card account is closing at the end of the month. Should I apply for a new card before or after it closes?
How Do I Buy My Car?
Just got married, whats the best way to get our finances setup (joint checking, other options?)
Is there any way to pay federal student loan debt with a credit card?
Moderately large credit card debt - suggestions? (CA)
Does an investment property take priority over an investment account?
Is it ever ok to early withdraw on your 401k to help pay off credit card debt?
What exactly is a GE Capital credit card?
New or used car??
I was offered a $1500 settlement on a $5,000 credit card delinquent balance (yes, I was irresponsible, i know). Is this legit? If if I give them $1500 are they actually gonna close out the account? Why in the hell would they do this?
Retirement planning via corporate owned incentive life insurance - what are the risks/drawbacks?
What are some (given) costs that I should expect as I begin my life as a post-graduate adult?
What to do with my existing my Roth IRA? I don't really know/understand what I am doing...
Emergency Fund in the stock market?
$90k in student loans. $95k in the bank. pay off immediately and bask in the debt free lifestyle, or...?
Can I have a late payment removed from my credit?
Should I check my credit?
What effect will my debt collection have on me?  (long story)
Can I safely let myself fall into debt in order to make it through school and graduate with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering?
Currently deferring my student loans because of unemployment. This week, I finally got a job. Can I get away with a month or two not telling them and not having payments due?
0% apr Balance transfer check. How do I calculate whether or not its worth it?
Did the lifetime gift allowance go down with the fiscal cliff deal?
First credit card! Tips and advice?
30 years old and $30,000. What next?
My mom wants to help me buy an apartment. I'm 22 in one of the most expensive housing markets in the US (SF). Do I take her up on the offer?
Is it important that I invest?
Roth IRA Funding Question - 2012 or 2013?
How do I not wind up like my parents?
Ohohoh, oh my lord. Holy crap. I have 200k+ debt from student loans. How do I deal with this???
New card for rewards then cancel?  How will this affect my credit?
Who offers the best Roth IRA accounts for individual stock trades? And a few other questions from a college age investor.
What expense come with buying a used car?
Entering grad school and have family debt. How do I manage?
If you see a friend make a series of extremely bad financial decisions, what do you do?
Will Paying an Offered Reduced Amount Actually Pay Off My Debt?
How much money should I have based on age?
How should cohabiting couple split the grocery bill? 
investing a few hundred euros? (IT)
Your opinion on this article about stocks please?
Should I use my meager savings to pay off medical debt or is there another way? Maybe someone could advise me.
Can I afford my apartment on my own? Saved a lot. Gf moved out. In expensive city.
How good is the government TSP?
Has anyone heard of Mvelopes.com? My grandmother wants to try it out, but since I haven't heard of it, I'm a little iffy.
Is it a bad idea to keep all my accounts with one bank?
Can I afford this living arrangement?

MMR/ERE type pf philosophies, do you follow them? Where do you compromise? 
What are the best investment vehicles if one assumes the US economy is on a path of steady decline?
Trying to start building credit, denied by every card - Help?
Alternatives to Savings Account?
How do I choose investment products?
18 y/o Dude here! How can I not break the bank for car insurance?!
instead of putting money into an index fund why shouldn't I use a leverage ETF (like UPRO for instance)?
Discover personal loan to pay off/consolidate credit card debt?
My children receive Social Security payments every month due to their father's illness and inability to work. Do I need to file taxes for them?
Any other banks as good as ING Direct?
Roth IRA being an ongoing burden?
20k in my checking account, I'd like to split this money up into new checking and savings accounts.  What are some good banks?
Tax season is here. Is turbo tax good enough or a is place like H&amp;R block better?
Best card for transferring a balance to with low or no APR for a period of time? (Sorry if this is a repost)
NYC "foodies" spending $300/wk on a $30k salary?
Looking for a debt tracking iPhone app that accommodates fortnightly payments. Suggestions? (AU)
Bought used 2011 car, where can I get best 48 month financing?
Roth IRA as a US-expat?
College student trying to get the most out of banking. Suggestions?
Percentage of take-home pay for mortgage?
What is your experience with peer to peer lending sites?
How do you define a lump sump investment (as opposed to DCA)?
Should I wait till the next tax year before opening an ISA?
Budget the frivolous and save the rest, or budget the responsible and spend the rest?
Plan I concocted to boost my credit score. Thoughts?
Ideas for Student Loan Consolidation?
How is my Credit Score Actually Calculated?
Anyone have experience with the Discover Personal Loan to consolidate debt?
Is there any harm in opening multiple bank accounts and then closing them?
Does anyone know of a program or method of calculating a projection of income/outcome? Like a calendar of your balance, based on bills and paychecks
Exercise options by selling off RSUs?
If I have $50-$100 every two weeks that I can invest, what is the best way to do so?
I realized some significant capital losses in 2009 but I was a student at the time and never filed for taxes that year, advice?
Anyone else get hit by the FreeCreditReport "Triple Advantage" scam?
After emergency fund and Roth IRA, where does my excess money go?
Should I consolidate my loans? Graduated in 2007 - approximately $41,000 to pay
Choosing a Credit Card, Guide to Credit Cards and their Bonuses?
Opening up Vanguard Roth IRA, looking to max 2012/2013.  OK 100% Stocks first year, then add slightly to bonds next year to get 72/28 ratio?
Does closing a bank account affect your credit score?
If I have an LLC small business, can I get a business credit card without having it show up on my personal credit report?
Why should I want a good credit score, when I never have any need for credit?
I have $4000 and need a car. Would it be smarter to look for a new(er) car or a much cheaper used car in this situation?
Good idea to open multiple checking/savings accounts?
Am I understanding the refi process correctly?
Take an offered deal from debt collector, wait it out for better or just ignore?
Converting Traditional IRA to ROTH vs. Opening New ROTH IRA??
Are No Preset Spending Limit Cards, like American Express gold PR card, good or bad for your credit score ?
Would investing in currency be a good idea?
Is it ok to list a job I haven't begun yet on a credit card application?
As a 16 year old, is there anything I can do besides basic saving to put myself in a good financial position?
2 payments behind, what are my options?
What is a good asset class breakdown for my situation?
Checking, savings, TSP, Roth, Investing... How should I divvy this up?
Just had collections hit on my credit report remove, but whats stopping them from selling the debt and it coming back?
Change since purchase % wrong?
HSA funds from old 401k: good or bad idea?
Anyone has any experience with Pershing (or with Personal Capital advisors?)
Is opening a traditional IRA better than paying off student loan debt?
How to invest savings for one year?
Where to get the best interest rates on student loan consolidations?
We have 5k left over after buying a house, what should we be doing with it?
Get student loans or pay the bill?
Is getting my taxes done professionally worth it?
Starting again from scratch???  I wish!  How do I start from financially F'd?
Ideas for active investment projects?
To vanguard ETF or to vanguard?
How can I grow the money I'm saving for a down payment on a house?
The standard advice is to buy a car and drive it until it dies.  At what point is it worth it to replace the car instead of repair it?
Is this a good time to let professional do my taxes?
Is it smarter to help pay off my wife's student loans, or open a Roth IRA in her name?
Can someone help me figure something out with my Mortgage? -- cross-posted from r/frugal.
Can't seem to get approved for any credit card- not even a secured card- despite having zero debt.  What are my options?
Credit history is still in infancy - How can I make my situation better for myself and actually start beefing up my credit score?
Should I apply for a second card?
How can I figure out if I have gained or lost money from a long time ago? (inherited a fund)
payroll tax increase? (California)
Can someone explain Homeward Residential and their lowering of interest rates/monthly payments to me?
Keep overpaying car loan payments when I may sell it?
Bother fighting a ding on credit report that's true, but with creditor negligence?
AMEX, Discover, Visa, MC...which one is best? Does it matter? 
TSP/Roth TSP but don't plan on retiring as a gov't employee?
A pitch to my boss for offering a 401k. How does it sound?
If a charge is posted to a credit card account, is it possible that the charge be removed within 3-5 business days?
Recent graduate working abroad. Question about what to do with my savings and Roth/IRA?
Alternatives to Prosper &amp; LendingClub?
Thanks to your advice I maxed my Roth IRA and will max 401k in 2013, what next with about 25k more in savings?
Rebuilding Credit - Average Age of Accounts - Should I keep my student loans?
By when should I expect to receive all the documents I need to file taxes?
How do banks react when you open a new account with another bank with a legal name change without updating name on the old accounts?
Is an Insurance Product an Investment? | Personal Finance
Been applying for a part time job for nights/weekends, been striking out at the typical places. Any suggestions?
How hard is it to get a personal loan to finance a tiny house?
Can someone suggest an alternative to mint.com that actually works?
What are the best Credit Cards redditor's have? 
How much is too much to spend on rent?
What is the downside to an Income Based Repayment plan on my student loans?
How can I figure out if I gained or lost money on a fund bought in 1989?
Debt paydown question - Improved cash flow over interest expenses?
High Operating Expenses on my Company 401k, even for ETFs - Options?
I'm broke, unemployed/part-time for 4 years, $25K in debt from credit cards and cancer treatments, and now I'm about to lose my house. What are my options?
What should I do when I graduate?
Company 401k with high fees or do it myself?
Travel Credit Card?
I need a free checking account with cash deposit and check writing with no minimum required balance. Advice?
When you begin to save for a down-payment on a house (20%+) where did you hold your money?
Anyone used this Student load debt management tool?
Do I calculate Tax before or after Vat?
How am I doing so far with my credit?
Has anyone used this student loan debt management tool? 
How much of my credit card should I pay down? (asking for this specific situation)
20, student, no debt as of now, considering a CC to start building credit. Help me figure out which is the better offer?
Do I need a credit card?
My wife and I make about the same amount.  Should we file our taxes jointly or individually?  
How do I know if the co-owners of my house can make me liable for their credit debt?
I'm about to apply for my first credit card. What do I need to know to ensure I don't get into debt? (CAN)
Electricity Company reported my credit score as very low, now requiring a deposit. But AnnualCreditReport shows nothing wrong?
[CA] Trying to go paperless at home.  Is anything necessary to keep in hardcopy?
Where do you bank? What do you think about it? I'm thinking of changing banks due to "maintenance fees".
Will I run into issues transferring a backdoor Roth IRA to another institution?
Should I take a loan out of my 401(k) to make a large payment on my credit cards?
Tranfer my 401k to IRA, advice?
 18 Years old. I need to begin building my credit. Which credit card is right for me?
I'm an entry-level job applicant.  How do I determine how much I need to ask for in salary to be solvent?
Reddit, I just got a job for after graduation, and I'm starting to budget for my wedding in August. Can you guys help me out, please?
Any benefit to paying off a 0% auto loan early?
Should I raise my credit limit on my secured card? Beneficial to credit score?
How many federal allowances should I claim as a single parent?  (US-PA)
Easiest way to invest your money?
Is it better to continue buying the same fund in my Roth IRA or pursue a new one?
Am I mistaken, or is this a legit way to reduce my S.O.'s interest rate?
I just moved my Roth IRA and Aggressive Mutual Fund ACH from John Hancock to Charles Schwab. Should I be putting my money into mutual funds, ETFs, other?
Cancel credit card with annual fee?
What do you guys think about Gobank?
I've received US dollars cash, but I don't want it to stay idle, what are my options? (AU)
10k for IRA. Buy 1 Vanguard admiral share index fund or 3 investor share index funds?
How should I choose to depreciate assets in my self-employed "business" if I only intend to work it for another 3 years? (using TurboTax)
What Services have Saved You Money?
Can I use my securities accounts to transfer money in between my checking accounts?
What's the best way to find an ideal checking and savings account?
Can someone explain to me the benefit of tax deferment?
U.S. Savings Bonds, keep them to maturity or cash them and use elsewhere?
Is it a good idea to pay your mortgage payments in advance?
As someone out of college with no debt, no job, and some extra money (&gt;$5,000). What should I do?
Similar to the USD / AU thread, I've got Euros cash, but I don't want it to stay idle, what are my options in the US?
Anyone here start their own business? Tell us about it!!
are there different kinds of debt? 
Just cashed out a fund that was paid for by my deceased father's memorial golf tournament. What should I do with this now?
What's the best way to do a financial year-in-review?
[UK] SO has been offered an interest free loan of one months pay to be re-payed over 12 months. Is it worth taking?
IRA question, 401k to IRA?
Moving to USA on a work visa, should I lease or finance a vehicle?
Mutual Funds vs. ETFs -- Which is right for a 29 year old creative?
Should I pay off 150$ owed debt from collections or fight for delete? Does it matter for such a small debt?
Debt Consolidation Legit?
Here are my assets, debts, budget, and retirement funds. How can I improve?
How much % of your base salary do you spend on rent? how much % of your base salary do you save?
I need to purchase siding for my home and have several options on how to pay for it. What is the best way to go about this? Details inside.
Ideas on Charge Cards?
Recent college grad just started work and looking to build credit (currently have no credit). Any advice guys?!
College Student looking forward to start building savings and investing while paying off previous debts, any advice?
Best way to increase length of credit? 
What happens to free student credit cards after graduation?
I currently have whole life insurance for my wife and I that we got when we were young, should we keep it or seek term? (details inside)
Can someone give me a crash course on technical stock analysis?
NZ citizen living in China.  Any tips to utilize transnational status, or optimize taxes in NZ or China?  PS: thanks mods for enabling flair!
Is there such thing as a guaranteed return on 401k or IRA?
How diversified should my 401k be from my Roth IRA?
Using family insurance instead of company insurance, do I get any money from company?
What's the best way to know the constituents of Pure Growth stocks in S&amp;P Growth picks?
In a bit of a tough spot - personal loans, other financial help?
Is hiring an accountant to do my taxes really worth the cost or is e-filing sufficient?
How can I figure out if I should open a Roth IRA or just contribute more to my 403B? (xpost)
I have a minimum payment of $174 due tomorrow on CC; I cannot pay this. Before it spirals further out of control, any advice on how to transfer debt?
I have student loans, cash on hand, and a job after graduation this spring. What's the best way to manage this?
I made only ~$9,000 in 2012.  I am self employed and would like to deduct my business expenses, however in my recent moved I misplaced most of my receipts for food / supplies. Safe to still deduct these expenses?
Two contractor jobs and a full time job, best way to file taxes (NYC)?
So my dentist just recommended CareCredit, is there a catch?
Is it worth renovating my parents' house?
(CA) Credit score 673, creditworthiness is Poor. Advice?
What to look for when hiring a CPA? (NYC)
Best IRA brokerages for young investors?
US File for Tax question, I co-own a home with someone that isn't a spouse. How do we go about filing?
What is the best way to save for large purchases?
Pay off student loans with 401K?
My rough draft retirement plan has me setting $2200 per month aside which seems very high. Check my math?
Should I be wary of this? (private investment opportunity)
I just got my first credit card, should I spend more or less money on it to build my credit rating?
19 year old college student gifted 10k.  Where to start?
I have had multiple jobs in 2012, so I have multiple W-2's. Why does my tax refund start out high, but go down as I add the others?
I give up. I forgot password and security Qs to Treasury Direct, what's best way to recover?
I have a CS of 750 and got denied for Chase then CapOne...WTF?
How can I help my girlfriend stick to our budget?
Currently have my savings in an E-ISA earning 1.7 to 2.7 % interest. How else could I be making the most of my savings? (UK)
Is it worth it to pay for a real CPA or is HR Block sufficient?
"Light" credit history?
I am good with saving money, not with investing it.  Can you help point me in the right direction?
Term life insurance - what term?
Refinancing - cash out to pay student loans?
Battle of the finances: Quicken or Mint?
How would you invest (medium risk) for something in 2 to 3 years?
Grad student living off savings and student loans, do I need to file?
Starting a job with fed gov't, what should I do about my student loans?
Do we need a financial planner/professional tax preparation?
Getting a new job in which I can budget to save $50k/year, any advice on what to do with it?
What's the best way to handle student loans and credit rating?
Mother died, I have 65000 and no job, what do I do?
I contributed to a Roth IRA but things changed and now I may be over the income limit - what do I do?
To buy a car, or to not buy a car? (CA)
Can We Afford a House? [Canada]
For Mint Users: Do you add anything and everything to "Other" Assets such as Artwork, Jewelry, Furniture, Tools, etc etc?
Personalized help reading credit report?
1099 for internship? Can they do that?
(USA) Senior in college, 10k in the bank, 18k in loans, how should I go about tackling my loans after graduation?
my university courses are going to cost £63k..not including accomodation etc. What should i do? (UK)
My credit score is through the roof somehow. I have my first student loan payment in ~6 months. What should I be doing?
Do loans go to cosigniture upon loan holder's death?
Could someone provide me with specific investing advice (details inside)?
Where should I keep a nontrivial amount of money?
Mint.com - in what values are pending transactions included and where are they not?
Dad ran up $8000 in credit cards under step-mom's name. Then he died. Now what?
Biased info in the FAQ?
After 6 months of fulltime work, I have no money or savings. Help me build a budget? (AU)
Foreclosure help - What are my options?
I am 18 and have $3000 to invest, what do I invest in?
Moving out for the first time - buying a condo?
Silver Prices and investing?
Is there a good app/program for monitoring personal cash flow?
Paying off a "Credit Builder Loan" to reduce debt and bump score?
New to /r/personalfinance. What's the general consensus on 50/30/20?
Car isn't working. Don't need one for a while but insurance company says a gap in coverage will result in much higher rates when I need it again. True?
Working for Charles Schwab soon. After bills will have $2,000 to do whatever with. No debt, no kids, and single. Do I just give it back to Chuck?
Sorry to beat a dead horse, What should I do with all the extra income from my new job?
Looking into private student loans: how does one decide between variable rates and fixed rates? (CA, US)
Just starting a Roth IRA, should I contribute to 2012 or 2013 tax year? Does it matter?
What is the most appropriate way to tackle this student loan debt?
Car broke down and tuition to pay. What should I do?
Should I cancel payed off credit cards?
25, debts paid, full-time job, living at home.  Where to go next?
Along with many others, my goal is to save more. What is your finance goal/resolution for 2013?
High Deductible Insurance plans - any options? I want to get my parents on something, even if it's minimal.
High school senior, what major should I study for the next 4 years that brings financial security and, if possible, satisfaction?
Do I take out a loan for a house remodel? (Details in the body)
What's everybody's thoughts on investing in physical precious metals?
I am 26 years old and have never done my taxes. I'm completely clueless. How do I do it? (US)
Are mortgage loan or home equity loan interest rates/terms the same?  Or is one better?
Divorce is over now what should I do to rebuild?
How to find a tax accountant/attorney?
Apartment application credit check brought my credit from excellent to good, is there anything I can do?
Any recommended custodians for HSA?
Would I get to keep cash back rewards if I transfer balance to another credit card?
Was recently shown this video, and wanted to know if it is actually accurate about what the banking system is like, and if so, why have we let it become this way?
Ways to make extra money?
Tax question: Moved to a new state mid-year, what do I need to do to file my my taxes for both states?
How will my American credit history affect my Canadian credit rating?
Strike probability is high. Halt Roth 401(k) contributions in favor of cash? Possibility of taking a loan against the Roth 401(k)
What are my best options for saving money given to my child?
What happens when my (former) employer receives notice that I filed an SS-8 form?
Lost my job. Will deferring loans hurt me?
Need to borrow $20,000 to buy a home - would it be better to get a personal loan or a mortgage?
What system/website do you think is the best for credit report and score monitoring?
Is asking for a credit  card Limit extension to get debt to credit ratio under 10% each month a good idea for my credit score?
Planning to Buy a House in 1 Year, should I keep invest savings in a Bond Fund/CD? Or leave it in the Bank. 
Question regarding credit score, and would it be wise to open a second credit card?
Best place to keep savings for home down payment?
IRS states received 1040 on May 5th. Cash check on May  3rd!?
Canadian in USA for a few years: how do I build a reasonable amount of American credit, without first having American credit?
Is there a "Mint" for grocery bills?
Can we buy a house? 
Buying my first house, sellers playing hardball. How to best proceed? (x-post from r/realEstate)
What kind of credit card should I get?
I have Discover. Everything online says that my most recent payment went through and it's not 'pending' -- yet it doesn't show up as a transaction on any of my bank accounts. Wtf? 
Has anyone used both TD and Scotia at some point? I'm thinking about making a switch (CA). 
Changed jobs recently- do my health benefits "reset"?
(CA) Can Mastercard, Visa, and other credit cards garnish wages?
Is there any reason not to finance if a merchant offers 0% interest?
My credit score got slammed because of a computer error. The state cleared me and admitted fault, but my credit score is still damaged. Can I fix this?
Which CC should I have?
Should I dump my whole life insurance?  Looking for options.
I want to get serious about saving long term via 401k or IRA. Fidelity or Vanguard?
Is it dumb to finance some of a used car purchase if I could pay cash?
Anticipating a tax refund, should I pay down my auto loan and refinance at a lower rate or should I pay down my CC's?
when applying for a 0% balance transfer card, how much credit should you ask for?
Starting out on my finances, what are some tips?
Has anyone used "CU Student Loans" to consolidate private loans?
Credit utilization score? How does it affect my FICO score?
Can/Should I refinance my car?
No 401(k) or IRA, what are my options?
Does this banking strategy make sense?
Debt consolidation?
Q: Begin saving or Paying Debt?
Moving from Ireland to Sweden. What is the best way to move my money with me without getting raped by fees and contorted exchange rates?
Trying to keep track of my income and expenses for 2013. Should I open a new checking account?
Should I cancel my youngest credit card?
Does a corporate credit card build credit?
How should i go about getting my first credit card?
Am I overly paranoid or are financial institutions really not secure? 
I'm an Australian who is Two years from finishing school and I have a thousand dollars to invest for college. What should I do?
Where does saving up for a house fit in Dave Ramsey's Debt Snowball, and where should student loans go?
Tax question: what to do if business forgets to send W-2?
Shopping around for a mortgage -- Wait, I've read about all these banks in the news. They are awful. What bank SHOULD I use?
My ability to work is limited: What's the best retirement savings option for me?
Defaulted Private Student Loans. What's my move? 
Can we have a thread specifically for teenagers? What do you wish someone told you when you started off with a CLEAN SLATE?
Lender doesn't trust MyFico.com?
Best way to handle a large tax bill?
I'm underwater and I dont qualify for Harp 2. Are there any refinace options?
How much money can I borrow to go to college?
Q: Company offers a 401k but does not match. Should I put money into that, continuing paying student loans, or place it on a Savings account?
Is maxing out a Roth IRA and 401k starting from age 22 sufficient savings to retire early?
Pay off a large chunk of 1 credit card with a high balance, or payoff the entirety of another card?
How dangerous is it to cut my savings to pay down my loans?
Joint credit card to boost my mother's score?
Have $1k in the bank, and looking to buy a car for $7k. Is that enough saved?
Is my situation bad or not so bad?
Do I need to report RSUs that have already been taxed at vesting? (xposted from /r/taxes)
Online shopping with a credit card and repeated returns - problematic?
If a co-owner of my house shares a mortgage with me, can his or her defaulting of a line of credit loan allow the banks to place a lien on the house? Can they take us to court and force us to sell? Can I protect myself? Who do I talk to?
Need to pay my tuition in another country. What's the best way to exchange and transfer a lot of money?
Can my uncle get back his SSI income from Sallie Mae that was automatically taken out monthly from his checking account since 2010?
Put money into an RRSP or pay off mortgage?
How do I learn to care about fees? (CA)
Will I receive a tax refund due to my new federal student loan I began in 2012?
Fund tax efficiency within Roth?
Moved my 401K to a Rollover IRA at Fidelity, now what?
I know i have until tax day to max out my 2012 Roth IRA--but does that mean that i have to do it before i file income taxes?
Say I've got a few things to save for... is it better to save for one thing all at once, or a few things all together?
I'm about to file my taxes on my own for the first time, what are some things I should know beforehand?
Immediate tax benefits from a Roth IRA?
Roth IRA not reported on my 2011 tax return, what can I do about it?
Student loans seem absurdly high--have I done everything I can?
I know you can contribute to a IRA before tax day, but can I start a new one for 2012 right now without anything active?
Does anyone have experience/advice with Merrill Edge?
If an employer does not match 401k contributions, is there any compelling reason for a young person to contribute to it, or should that person put money into a Roth IRA or other retirement vehicle? 
Applied for a secured credit card from US Bank, got denied.  Applied at a credit union and got accepted, but now I find out US Bank changed their minds and approved me.  Would having two secured cards help build my credit faster, or should I cancel the US Bank card?
Quicken for Personal Budget?
Do I need actual receipts for a tax deductible item or is the line item on my credit card statement enough?
Can I improve my not-great and/or nonexistent credit score in 4-6 months to help me rent my first place on my own? If so, how?
Is there an easy way to create graphs in Excel by spending category? Whenever I try to, it charts by individual expense instead of category. 
If you had a chance to talk to your 24 year old self and give him financial advice, what would you say?
College student considering a (short term?) auto loan, need adice
So I have a pretty bad credit rating, and have $7,000 to clean up my credit some how.  What should I do with it?  I was thinking secured credit card for $5,000 so creditors see that I have a lot of credit extended to me, but I think there are probably better ways.  Thanks guys! Details inside.
23yrs old, save 15-20k a year, what should I do to get the things I want?
Another student loan thread.  How do I not become homeless?
Should I get a loan?
How did you pay for college?
SOS - Will this course on personal and financial security be too challenging for a beginner like me?
Online company has been taking money from me. How do I get it back?
[Has anyone ever tried this?  I am trying to make some extra cash on the side to pay off some bills.](http://www.guru.com/pro/index.aspx)
How to increase my credit score?
Would I make more on unemployment or taking a pay cut?
My FICO score is 814/812/811. I don't own a home. Out of curiosity, how much higher could I possibly get my score?
Is this a good idea for credit cards?
Any interest in a horse-race between index-investing (in Schwab) and money management (in Personal Capital)?
Does the Serve card from American Express help build your credit at all from use?
I'm 20, my credit report says not enough history available for a credit score yet I've had a crit card in my name for 4-5 years now. how does that work?
Best Student Credit Cards?
Anyone know if we can pay for a full year for services like Hulu, Spotify, and Netflix?
Is it better to open multiple credit cards? 
If I make an extra monthly payment to my loan entirely towards the principal, does it shorten my repayment by exactly one month, or more? (Details inside) (CA)
Opinion on Edward Jones? Good, bad, or indifferent? Why?
Shares in 401k purchased at higher rate than market price?
If I had surgery and a family member helped pay for it, can I claim that as a medical expense on my taxes?
My mother wants to give my kid (4years old) a $100 savings bond for college.  What type of bond should she get for the best yield?
Should I borrow money out of my 401k to pay off high interest car loan?
To 401k or not to 401k? That is the question.
Should I focus on 401k contribution if my employer does not match?
HELP: Beating the system by buying Prepaid cards?
Heard about ING-Orange savings account - any thoughts/concerns/feedback? 
Buy/Rent/Or live on base?
Worth refinancing?
International student in the USA here. I forgot to file my taxes because I was out of the country for 1 year without my W-2. Am I in trouble?
Desperately seeking advice on how to handle Chase CC charge-off, Verizon collections?
Why do people seem to be so concerned with MERs?
Alternate for the IRS online withholding calculator?
I failed an Experian credit check and don't know why. Help? (UK)
How can I contribute to my Roth IRA for 2012?
How to minimize Chase/Verizon charge-off/collections on credit report?  Any chance at goodwill?
Totaled my car. Advice on dealing with insurance and buying a new car?
How to contest a 7 year old parking citation that I just received in the mail (collections)?
Considering the benefits of the tax-free growth, should you finance a Roth IRA contribution if you otherwise couldn't swing it, and if so, up to what rate?
$57,000 annual income, about $4-5000 down, 720+ score; Can I get a loan on a $35000 used auto?
Lets pretend I get into graduate school. How much student debt is reasonable?
My employer screwed up my flexible spending account... now what?
Med school in Fall. Currently making $25k and making payments on undergrad student loan debt. Anything I should do before med school starts?
What is my next step financially?
Is it possible to retire as early as 36-38? What will I have to do?
(Australia) What's a good place to invest $10,000?
Why so much love for Vanguard? 
Should I use my tax refund to pay on my car loan?
Used to have credit; don't anymore.  Have I done a lot of damage to my history?  Advice/insight?
I have never bought anything on credit. How do I start?
Should we put money in Treasury Inflation Protected Securities? Is there a better way to stave off inflation?
Working semi-temporarily in the US.  Best savings account options?
Online Business Checking/Savings Account Recommendation?
How do I prepare to optimally pay off my student loans in a few months? 
What should my withholding be? Utah. Want to get as close to $0 as I can. 
Letter of resolved debt from a collection agency?
[US] Documents required to Tax Filing through a CPA?
First year out of undergrad. Steady job, low expenses. What do I do next?
If I roll a Roth 401(k) into a Roth IRA, when can I withdraw the money tax and penalty free?
Thinking of trading my car... is this a good deal?
Does this app exist?
Invest or payoff mortgage?
Sell my car, or keep it forever?  
Credit Karma, Credit Sesame, Quizzle, and others all give me different credit scores. Why is this, and should I be concerned?
Sell ford stang for civic hybrid?
My financial situation is incredibly different from that of my partner. How do we make the best of both of them?
How much "Fun" money should I be allowed?
Which makes more financial sense for my vehicle?
I know it's a lot to ask but I could use some advice on my retirement portfolio?
I can afford to move out, but should I?
Do you get taxed more if you are paid hourly at 3 weeks per paycheck?
Dear Reddit, I'm starting the process of refinancing. Can you help me pick the right loan for me?                            
Can I get some help with my proposed plan for saving and retirement planning?
financial advisor?
Best place (bank/institution/?) to seek "real" comprehensive personal financial advice?
New Car?
If you go bankrupt in Canada, is it on your American credit report if you're a duel citizen?
Could you please critique my situation?
How does a homemaker improve credit score and/or get a line of credit?
Unique financial aid predicament, going back to school as an adult...any advice?
Got denied for AMEX card despite high FICO score...any tips for reapplying?
Any recommendations on best personal finance magazines?
Best online tax preparation software?
Where I am, and is it time to start investing?
How long for low interest rates?
Is it better to keep your (FI)nance personal in a relationship?
(CA) What the heck do I do with it all? $6K cash a month no debts
Should I file my taxes myself?
Difference between Roth IRA &amp; Brokerage Acct?
Just graduated college, should I buy a car?
Fresh out of college: rent a house or buy a town home?
[US] Should I cash out a mutual fund to pay off my car?
New to investing: How exactly does one figure out what high risk/return area to invest in?
My employer won't direct deposit to online bank account ING Direct because it's not a "major bank in the local area"? Is this fair and logical? 
Three-fund porfolio: buy all three funds now or slowly get Admiral shares over the next three years?
Is inflation accounted for when coming up with a desired annual income upon retirement?
How would i set up mint or my credit union to automatically move a portion of my bi-weekly paycheck into a separate account?
Doctors, Lawyers, and Indian Chiefs of /r/PersonalFinance:  How did you prepare financially to take on 200k in loans?
Trustworthy family friend works for Edward Jones. I have a $51k Roth IRA with Franklin Templeton. Should I have him manage my funds? (30 y/old male)
My 60 month car loan has a .9% fixed interest rate. Should I bother to pay it off early?
I currently have Single 2 on my W4 for 2013 but I am getting married this year. Should I change W4?

I have $70K in savings. How much do I need before I can establish income that lets me live off Ramen without working?
Graduating soon with no debt, starting a job this summer, have three months free, going to Europe with buddies, but I have no way to finance it right now. What would be the most practical and responsible way to finance a nice adventure?
Pay off debt or save for house down payment?
Will switching to an income-based repayment affect my ability to defer my loans for graduate school?
How can I stop collection agencies from calling?! (Ontario, CA)
Three loans with the same interest rate, in what order should I pay them off?
Found a UGMA account in my name accidentally. I'm going back to school, and my parents aren't supporting me, nor are they giving me "permission" to use the account. What do I do?
Sent to collections, any advice?
My student loan has wrongly wound up at a debt collector and nobody is really helping me get it back out. Do I have any rights here that I'm not aware of?
As a 19 year old, how do I build/accumulate credit?
Is [Chase Private Client](https://www.chase.com/online/private_client/asset-management.htm) worth a switch?
Best way to file a simple tax return?
Can one "refinance" a vehicle that is owned free &amp; clear?
How to Pay Off ER Bills for a College Incident?
Is there a way to max out 401k in the beginning of the year?
How do I estimate the amount of income taxes I will pay? 
I'm a 22 year old with some savings and no debt that wants to start a business. Should I quit my job?
To Consolidate or Not To Consolidate?
Friend made $100 over Earned Income Credit (EIC) qualification, any way she can still qualify?
Are there any charities or nonprofits that work to improve financial literacy in the US?
Suggestions for reducing taxable income for last year's taxes?
I'm transferring Edward Jones Roth IRA to Vanguard. Are there any fees I need to be aware of?  
401(k) with no employer match and money market. what should I do next?
Should I combine my traditional IRA into my Roth IRA?
Should I buy a house?
Need some advice, is this a good plan?
Do I receive a tax form for tuition debt?
I am ruining my life with debt and I don't know where to start fixing it. Could somebody give me some advice? 
You're a new grad making 100k in Silicon Valley.  How do you use your money?
Pay into 2012 ROTH IRA, do I need to claim on taxes?
Conflicting information on student loan payoff amount. Help with response letter?
Is it worth paying a CPA to do your taxes?
I've got a structured settlement that doesn't pay out for a year, and I need some cash.  Advice?
780k in cash.  Should I completely pay off my mortgage?
(24yo) Short-term Investments?
What company do you recommend for low-level investing? 
(18yo) What should I do with 1000$ for maximum growth?
How exactly do VA loans work?
Do you Redditors think it's a bad idea to put only 10% down on a home purchase? 
I'm 20. How are my finances?
What's the ratio of car value to monthly spending on maintenance that determines if a car is worth keeping?
What's the best way to sell a broken car? Parts? As is? How and where?
What's the best way to make my budget actually work?
Any Mint Users Having Trouble with Citibank?
Anybody have Discover Blue Cash Everyday?
How to manage paying down a CC balance transfer within 0% offer period AND paying down 100% of new charges monthly?
Your opinions on the book "Rich dad, poor dad" ?
Second Credit Card for a 19 yearold? 
Has anyone worked with Quicken Loans for a first mortgage before? 
Unreasonable bank charge? Challenge it!
$60k in savings and no debt. Gonna divide it up between retirement, emergencies, and investing.  Good idea?
Is my situation as bad as I think? 
Can anyone help me figure out which amex card i should get?
Do I need to file taxes for a job where I earned &lt; $300?
How are credit card rewards calculated?
Alternatives to Mint?
Diversifying across investments?
Looking to buy a house in 5-6 years. I-Bonds?
Request for release of co-signer denied, any experience?
How many credit cards should I have?
Is it illegal for loan servicer to say I can't make principal only payments?
Open a Traditional IRA for the deduction, or wait?
Should I put money in retirement account?
How long is it typically taking medical students to pay off their loans nowadays?
90-Day Tax Free GIC, good idea/bad idea? (CA)
I'm in my mid 20's and want to go back to college, help with career choosing?
Do any of you live well below your means?
Want to open a small business account with a bank &amp; also a credit card, recommendations?
Taxes - file as dependent or independent?
I'm holding ~$30k in cash in a checking account, to be used for sale of my house later this year and down-payment of next house. How advisable is it to put this in short-term bonds?
Sallie Mae just took control of my direct loans and I would rather stay with myedaccount.com, what can I do? 
401k, Roth 401k, and 457... how do I best diversify?
Advice on IRA options? Looking to contribute before filing taxes.
Extra saving $$ - what to do with it when hoping for early retirement?
Do you have a discover card?  Is it a "Discover It" card?  If not, you're missing out on 1% CB
Reddit, I'm getting paid as a consultant at my job. Can you please explain how to properly report my earnings to the IRS? 
Pay off student loans or save as down payment on a house?
Papers Papers Papers.  Growing up Sucks.  How do you guys manage it all?
How do taxes on life insurance work?
Papers Papers Papers.  Growing up sucks.  How do you manage it all?
What should we do with 55K in savings?  Start contributing to a Roth IRA or pay off our debt?
Should I put my money in 401k or savings?
Am I Doing It Right??
401K Max sooner or later?
In school, in debt, selling my apartment, trying to budget and track expenses...and overwhelmed. Help?
What prevents me from going from USDA loan to conventional?
College Problems. Help?
How should I handle my "emergency" fund and other short-term savings?
I'm 28 and just started Vanguard Roth IRA but not sure how to use it best?
Is anyone aware of a free E-file program that allows user to import 1099 info from Fidelity?
Options for debt management: How do I get the smallest interest rate on my debt?
Front loading 401(k) plans... is there any advantage?
HELP:  I make exactly $2965 per month (net take home), but can't seem to save anything at all.  How much should I be saving and what am I doing wrong?
$3100 monthly take home, no savings, renter, multiple charge-offs, and $11k in debt. Where to go from here?
CA: What to do with my bonus?
Do I get a tax form from my Vanguard Roth IRA account?  If so, when?
Should I apply for an unsecured line of credit to pay off credit card debt? 
I'm practically financially illiterate, what can I do to ensure my future?
What forms do I need to fill out as a blind, independent contractor?
Advice on moving out. $10k saved. Can I afford to leave home?
What are some creative ways to make money in a month?
My mother has offered buy me one of the following: a new car $40,000, a forty acre farm $175,000 or a $600,000 life insurance policy (for her with me as the beneficiary). Which one would be the wisest choice?
w-9 form for an internship???
Women of Reddit, please help.  Our family is consistently overspending, living beyond our means.  I know it's not one specific thing, but how do I address items that are specific to my wife's expensive taste?  
Leaving my job in May. What can or should I do with my TIAA-CREF account?
US (NY) Tax question:  My AGI is +/-100k this year.  My expected return is $2000.  How much more of a return would I recieve if I fund a ROTH IRA?  Whats the ratio?
Anyone else keep a savings account/emergency fund with Ally?
Hi /r/personalfinance, I have 33k in savings, live with my parents, and don't have any debt. When do you think is the best time to buy a new car, if at all in the near future?
Anybody have experience with TurboTax?
Paying for health insurance or emergency fund?
Currently saving 15% of gross income for retirement in 401(k) &amp; Roth.  I'm a federal employee and forgot to include my federal pension in my planning.  Should I shift some of the funds to invest or pay down my mortgage?
How can an UK expat invest money in the UK?
Tax software recommendations?
What are some expenses I should look forward to when I have children?
Roth contribution withdrawal...and back in?
Are expense ratios really that big of a deal?
Social Security Benefits (You +/- SO). Do you consider them in your total projected net worth at retirement age?
So how much did you spend in January? Did you make your budget? What will you do differently for February.
Savings, school loans, and credit cards. What do I do with my money?
Good news is I got a raise. Bad news is taxes take most of it away? Help me understand.
Can individuals apply for Business credit cards?
Is life insurance an investment, or just insurance? (CA)
Since charge cards aren't included in the credit utilization ratio if I use them instead of my credit cards will my ratio be zero?
Advice On Short Term Investing? (CA)
Refinance?  Just ride it out at fluctuating rate?
Tax refund - save it, or pay off my student loan?
Question: Does it hurt your credit to have credit cards open that you are never going to use?
How do I prevent my federal tax refund from getting rerouted to a federal student loan servicer?
Ally Bank for emeregency fund?
Paying off auto loans early?
Should I quit my 'big bank' once I pay off my car loan?
Made some poor decisions when I was younger by putting my name down on a credit line for my parents, what are my options to fix it?
Can you convert a Roth to a traditional?
Tax Payment Plans: Do they exist, are they helpful?
Where Do I Go to Find a Credit Adviser?
I just opened a Barclays Online Savings account which gets a 1% APY.  After the initial deposit which I transfered from my bank (Chase), will I be able to deposit checks directly to Barclays, or will I have to go through Chase forever?
Credit card charges for overseas purchase?
Should I early exercise? If yes, how do I manage taxes?
Where should I put my money? 24 years old 60k+ saving, 6 figure salary.
How many of you use Dollar Cost Averaging for ETFs?
Father lost about half of my savings. Sell now for a lose or wait? 
I just opened a Barclays Online Savings account which gets a 1% APY. After the initial deposit which I transfered from my bank (Chase), will I be able to deposit checks directly to Barclays, or will I have to go through Chase forever?
401k 10% in bonds - 10% of contribution or only at rebalance time?
Got anew credit card, do I transfer debt or keep it zero?
Emergency savings account or Roth IRA?
HandyBank Android app &amp; MoneyDance - user experiences?
Any advice on my current financial situation? 
Where did the money go?
Should grad student hold onto debt until graduating?
(US) How can I invest in my friends to the north? Looking for Canadian ETFs or Mutual Funds without currency fees or high expense ratios.
With the IRS withholding calculator down since December, how can I figure out what to put on my W-4?
Looking to put money into the market/Roth, should I wait for it to come down or just ignore the fact that it's at a 5 year high? 
Should I Refinance?
Is it worth contributing to my 401k (employer matched) before paying off my student and car loan?
Should I keep my underwater condo?
Pay off car loan, or start roth IRA for 2012?
Best online bank to use?
Recently moved and need to pick a new bank. Any recommendations?
Discussion time: Is now the time to buy a home? 
Is it seen as a negative to have a credit card but to not use it?
Those of you who have filed taxes, how long before you saw your refund?
Shopping for health insurance, what exactly do these terms mean?
Co-signed on a Signature Student loan years ago, any way out of it?  
Investing in the stock market on a small scale a good idea?
How much to spend on an engagement ring?
Has anyone checked out Learnvest before? 
Should I pay off our house or student debt?
Money manager of SEP IRA sticking me in Growth Fund of America class c?
If I save 2k per month, when can I retire? 
I have 106K in student loans, my parents are unemployed and they recently filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. How do I handle my new personal expenses?
Roll over old 401k's to personal, or wait for work 401k?
Debating large prepayment on Mortgage, am I missing anything?
Now what?
Quicken stinks, and Mint doesn't look that great... What do you use for keeping track of income/expenses?
When can I ask for CC limit increase?
Which scenario is better in the long-haul?  Having one maxed Roth IRA for two individuals or two separate Roth's that would total the max deposit for a single year Roth account?
How do I decide whether or not to downsize my vehicle? (CA)
I am 36 and currently an unemployed  full time student who is surviving by Student loans and I have $20,000 in other debt. Should I go through Bankruptcy or is there another way out?
Quitting my job this month and moving to a new city, am I missing anything?
Can a loan written from an Indian reservation be legally collected on?
What is the average number of years someone spends in retirement?
Best place to cash in stocks in certificate form? (CANADA)
Would it be possible to earn Credit card points this way???
Which student credit card do you guys recommend?
How can I best prepare for tax season next year?
Where to store my emergency fund?
How to protect against negative info being reported after a debt is settled?
Maxed out Roth IRA 2012/2013.  Should I opened a brokerage account at Vanguard?
Credit score reduced by 50 due to wrong credit account information, Corrected the record but the credit score remains low. What can I do?
Company doesn't provide retirement plan. Where do I start?
Somewhat recent grad with first "real" job. Where should the money go?
How are there so many young people with huge loads of cash on here? Share your secrets and wisdom
Cash Out Shares For Emergency Fund?
How do you organize your finances?
Secured to an unsecured card. Close the secured and get my $300 back or leave open?
I already have a Schwab account but I'd like access to more ETFs.  Any negatives in opening a Vanguard account as well?
How should my housemates and I split our bills?
[Update] Father lost about half of my savings. Sell now for a lose or wait?
Which 401k plan should I choose? (See list in post)
When planning on buying a house, what is the most tax efficient method while taking into account also saving for retirement via 401k/IRA vehicles?
What can I do to prepare for an expensive medical emergency?
Which is better: Balance transfer or keep plugging away?
I only made $750 total last year from an internship I worked at while in school. Do I need to file a tax return? 
Using 401k savings to purchase a first home?
Way ahead on a personal loan payment- pay off or pay minimal for credit score enhancement?
If I actually want to pay money to find out my credit score and get a good report who would you suggest to go through?
In college, living with my parents, and being filed as dependent with them, can I file my own taxes from my part time job as independent?
How much (or what percentage of your income) do you contribute to your retirement fund(s)? 
Considering quitting jobs and taking out loans to finish postbacc and get into med school. Advice?
Question about getting an auto loan? (college student)
Successfully Rebuilding Credit... Should I accept these credit card offers? (And a few other questions...)
Are extended auto warranties worth it?
I've started a job mid-2012. Can I make the full $3100 HSA contribution for 2012? 
How much does your house cost and where is your area?
Need to finish paying for college. Options?
19 y/o thinking of a personal loan to help situation, advice?
Should I go for the Masters degree and tack on more student loan debt? 
401K Question: Is 100% in S&amp;P500 good or bad, and does age matter?
How do I increase my tax refund in the future?
What's the best way to maintain a safe distance between my emergency fund and my impulsive self?
Question on my investment allocation, and ETFs vs Mutual Funds, is there a preference between the two?
How much should I have in savings before I start paying off my high interest debt?
What do you guys do after you've maxed out everything?
Can I roll my Roth IRA into my Roth 401(k)?
What do you do if your friend is in a foreign hospital and someone needs to pay the bill?
25 with 2500 in the bank to "spare", what are some good investment options to consider?
Wife doesn't have a 401k through work.  Any other tax-advantaged options aside from an IRA?
Single male, not settled on where I want to live long term, but want more space. Buy or rent bigger?
Any help on shaving some finance charges off my Credit Card bill?
Why are the contribution limits for IRAs so much lower than for 401K plans, and why is the limit no different for married couples?
I just filed a dispute to correct a few negative items on my credit report, should I wait until the dispute is investigated to sign up for a credit card?
Safe investments for students?
Should I take responsibility for my wife's student loans, or leave them completely in her name?
Should I break up with my (commission-based) financial advisor? If so, how?
Thoughts on Quicken Loans Streamline refinance offer for a mortgage?
Simple questions: Am I understanding tax deductions correctly?
Why multiple checking/savings accounts?
Maxed out, hight debt to income but good assets, can I still get a 0% transfer credit card?
25 years old, $35k/yr salary, am I crazy for wanting to buy a house?
Bank closed my oldest credit card without me receiving notice. Is that legit?
Will my sole proprietorship lower our taxes? (filing married)
Where do I go from now?
Advice on starting a Vanguard Trad IRA? (investment-ignorant 24 y/o)
I can't get my cosigner to sign off in order to sell my car, how fucked am I? (CA)
I have roughly $22k (I think) to put in an IRA.. how should I do it ?
I've saved my first €1.500. What can I do now?
Possible job offer several states away - what do I need to compare to current job to see if it's worth the move?
Potential job offer out of state, unknowingly low balled myself  to work in their local office, but SO says we can move. How high of a salary for the out of state office can I ask for now?
Just received money to pay off credit card fully, Should I pay the whole amount or little by little? Does it matter and Why?
What is the best way to allocate a significant amount of money ($10,000) that will be needed in 9 months (wedding)?
How would y'all budget and save with an income like that of a server?
Can I deduct from my taxes the interest on my mortgage? (Canada)
What does a person need in order to legitimately offer personal financial advice for a fee? (US)
Good faith deposit on refi?
What's the smart way to do this? Questions about LLC, mixed-use commercial/homesteaded building, and utilities.
When can I buy my first fun car after college?
What to do with small amount of funds in 403(b)?  
Where is the best place I should put my savings for roughly 6-10 years to help my parents retire?
How should I plan for unexpected but not emergency expenses when using a zero-based budget?
Saving vs Paying Down Debts?
Cheapest way to transfer money to my foreign account?
How am I doing? (follow-up)
Investing for an extended period to buy a house for cash?
Should I consolidate my debt? (Canada)
Where is the money applied on a credit card payment?
How do you calculate your take home check from full time job?  After all taxes and expenses taken out?
Overpaid my credit card: Will this hurt my credit?
I have an 17k nest egg, 2k expenses/month, 3.2k income/month. Would it be a dumb idea if I knock out two 6.55% loans with $7k?
Get life insurance just to borrow against it?
What return can one reasonably expect on an IRA (and some personal advice requested)?
Student loans in default -- rehabilitate or settle?
Open another credit card?
Is it better to pay off private (over federal) student loans first even if they have a lower interest rate?
Is inputting banking info into Mint.com worth the risk?
Are collection companies often not able to validate debt? Has anyone had success getting it removed from their credit report?
How should I allocate gift money?
How can a non-permanent resident alien open a bank account in the US?
Hello, can I have some specific advice regarding college? 
I got approved! Anyone else use Chase Freedom?
Am I ready to buy a house?
And then the train hit the wall.  Here's my debt reduction plan, advice?
Financial Question - Pay off the car now and blow savings or pay off normally?
What's the best way to tackle these godforsaken school loans?
Tax refund came in...less than its supposed to be?
Should my fiance and I file jointly?  She has student debts (&gt;$300k), I do not. 
I have enough money to pay off my student loans.  Should I do that or invest in something?
Need advice:  Should I buy a car or pay off student loans?
Would you mess with these student loans? Or just leave them alone and pay them off?
Moving into apartment, trade/sell vehicle?
(CA) Can't pay. No money coming. How do I deal with collectors?
Does getting a credit card through your banking institution help you out in the application? Bank America Platinum Privileges?
Single, independent college student made zero income, so what do I do for taxes?
Paying less than accumulating interest - possibly wise? 
What to do with surplus money in my budget at the end of a pay period?
Refinancing car? Also student loan questions
Can anyone help me make sense of CreditKarma's suggestions for credit cards?
Should I still invest in my 401k if I don't get matching?
Please critique me?
What's wrong with my credit card plan?  Looking to open some new lines.
Divorced part way through 2012. Do I file married or single? 
I just learned that I will be getting a giant legal bill for about $20,000 in two weeks. I have $5k in credit card debt and a $300/week job. Help?
What is the best long term risk free investment for a university student?
How should funding a Health Savings Account (HSA) be prioritized?
Two young professionals/roommates...is it wise to buy a condo/house over renting?
Best Credit Monitoring Site?
Spend a discretionary $700 for 10,000 bonus miles?
Does my budget look terrible? 
Who wants to give me their referral code for a new Capital One 360 account?
Help? I don't know what too do?
Is 15% now the same as 15% later?
How to get the most out of GnuCash?
Made about $900 last year through freelance writing, and saved nothing for taxes. Can someone help guide me, or offer an estimate on how much to pay?
What do you guys look for in a house/home to maintain and/or improve equity?
Online financial calculators: what do you use?
How bad are target date retirement funds?
Merging Finances with Partner vs. Proportional to Income for Shared Expenses. Advice?
using sharebuilder account for savings?
Collection Agency sold paid account?
How do you consider individual stocks in your portfolio?
Do you have a safe deposit box? Why or why not? 
Move *everything* into Vanguard target retirement?
£70k income, £60k savings, what to do?
Can someone help me understand why my tax return estimate is so low?
Should I cash out my IRA to refinance my house?
I am at a loss. I have no business organization, nor a plan for money. Don't know how to do taxes either. Any advice on where to start?
What shall I do now?
Ditch The Contract and Go Prepaid? Which Is Better Long-Term?
In the market for a new car - how much can I reasonably afford given my financial situation?
How much of your net salary should your car cost?
I'm planning to buy a home within the next few months. Should I hold off on applying for another credit card?
To those of you who make substantially more than someone you are dating/living with, how do you handle your finances?
Can anyone help me with 401k allocations and stock options?
Pharmacy prescription cards?
40 years old with an eye on retirement, but I'm drowning in CC debt!  What do you guys think about this plan of attack?
Can I reinvest dividends in a Roth IRA if I'm above the income limit?
About to refi my Chase mortgage through Chase - can get good rate but feel fees are high - advice?
So... I screwed up my state taxes last year?
Underpaid for position.  What should I do?
Student loans with different interest rates under one account: Should I be able to apply payments only to the higher interest rate loans?
Inherited some money, now what?
What type of investment makes most sense for me?
What happens to refund on Flexible Spending Account after the end of the year?
Retirement Funding - a little assistance please?
Note from USAA that third party credit card processor compromised? Who is it?
Use 0% Balance Transfers to pay off credit cards? 
High LTV Home Equity Loans? (or other ways to fund home additions?)
Recommendations for saving up for a car?  Should I use my Roth IRA contributions when the time comes?
Debt Repayment Plan and Late Credit Card Payment?
Keep US health insurance while living abroad?
How do I dispute items on my credit report?
Extra money into 529 or IRA?
Should I pay off my student loans in full? 
I do not understand, why wouldn't most young (20s) investors invest in roth?
Just started a Vanguard Roth IRA - try to move it to an Admiral Class fund ASAP?
At what point can you start spending?
Venture One vs. Airline Branded Credit Card?
How is the 'Citi Thankyou Preferred Card' for a college student?
Does this make sense? I need help and critiquing is welcome!
Both Roth 401k and traditional Roth?
Will I be financially stable if I choose to finance this car?
how to avoid getting taxed on money coming in from outside the US?
New college grad: How much to invest/save (where?)
Should I Do Taxes When I Don't Make Much?
State Taxes for Rental Property in a different state?
(FR) What's the best way to transfer money from abroad to a US checking account?
Freedom 35: I have a plan to pay off my mortgage in three years. Should I be investing otherwise?
I received a call from a collections agency for a debt to Comcast billed to a city I've never been to. Comcast says that there they don't serve that address. Is this "collections agency" a scam? Identity theft? (xpost form r/AskReddit)
Any opinions on tuition.io? Has anyone used it?
What are the advatanges/disadvantages of my parents filing my 1098-T, and should they do it?
Where does personal finance keep their emergency fund?
Max out HSA or 401(k) first?
How do I start moving from college/parents to financial independence? (US)
What should my family do with this money?
Retirement savings: 37 and basically just starting. How should I proceed?
What are the benefits of paying off my student loans immediately, in this particular situation? (Yes, it's yet another question about student loans. Opinions needed, please and thank you!)
Tax refund: savings or paying debt down?
Should I keep my first and oldest credit card (with annual fee) or close it in favor of a no fee card?
401k rollover?
Would paying more attention to career and less to finances have been more beneficial?
Sorta proud? Slow but steady...
Are we financially immature?
Do student loan balances affect your credit rating?
Net10 Wireless - Anyone here have experience with it? 
I am a senior in high school taking a personal finance class. We are currently studying Dave Ramsey's methods and he talks about mutual funds all the time. Can someone please explain how they work and should I get one when I start working later this year?
Starting to tutor-how to deal with the money?
(CA) Parents are ready for consolidation.. Where should we be going to consolidate our debts? Do we go to the banks or consolidation companies?
Is credit score affected by the amount you spend on your credit cards or just by your payment habits?
My wife and I have joined accounts but only I work. Are we both building credit together? Would we both have the same credit if we separated?
What to do with my tax return?
DAE use lending club as an investor?
I'm a graduate student; my tuition is paid by my university.  I got a 1098-T form and TurboTax is asking me if I "actually" paid that amount?
Any ideas on how to lower my heating bill?
EE Bond Advice: Switch it up or let it ride?
Have cash to pay off all debt now. Do it or buy a house? Retirement and tax questions as well!
Why Does Having Access to a Workplace Retirement Plan Negate the Deductions from a Traditional IRA?
Does a home equity loan on my primary residence count as a mortgage? Can I claim interest on taxes?
Use a 0% APR CC to pay down debt?
What paperwork/records are essential to keep in paper form?
Is it worth switching HSA custodians?
Mint Question?
Can turbotax handle my situation, or should I pay someone?
What to do with my money?
Sell investment property to pay off student loan debt? Or refinance and add student loan debt to mortgage loan? 
Roth 401k and a normal roth ira at the same time?
TurboTax tax refund shot way up when I entered an RSU sale (same day sale) with no gain/loss -- why?
Should I buy a 750k house?
Dear r/pf:  If you are mid 30s or younger are you counting on Social Security when planning retirement?
What's a good application or spreadsheet template for an individual with 1099 commission income to help keep track of personal and business finances and/or help budget?
Difference between IRA Certificate and Money Market Certificate?
Differences between IRA Certificate and Money Market Certificate?
Random Roth IRA opened at TD Ameritrade a dozen years ago that does nothing, can I move it to my Vanguard account?
Live on last month's income? 
How much money can my wife and I withdraw from our multiple retirement accounts for a first home purchase?
Over $50 dollars on the Earned Income Tax credit.Help?
My girlfriend sends me $500-600 a month for her share of rent &amp; bills, through a direct bank transfer. Do I need to do anything to ensure the IRS doesn't think it's some kind of unreported income?
26 y/o's, engaged, buy home or keep current?
Finance Tracker Spreadsheet with better debt tracking?
Where should I put my money?
I have a house that I live in with several others. They pay rent and split utilities with me via check each month. What do I do for tax time?
How do you plan for financial matters when a family member dies?
Suggested readings for money management?
Is it all worth it?
SOS Credit what is my best rewards CC Option?
22 y/o, moved out with no other options, trying to get my fiscal life in order. Help?
Hey /r/personalfinance, Im looking blogs with tips and tricks. whats your favorite??
What is the one thing you wish you knew before you bought your first home?
Do you have any daily habits/routines that help you with personal finance you can share?
Do you benefit from having your savings account with the same institution as your credit card? (CLI)
Thoughts on buying gold?  If so, from where?
Google Spreadsheet Template?
Should I cancel my credit account? I already have several others.
Is it safe to keep money in a savings account?
Recently started working and saving. What does /r/pf think of my financial plan?
Worried about keeping my job?
How to claim independent status on next year's taxes and FAFSA?
Should I live frugally, or consider student loans?
Employers(state U) aren't withholding federal taxes--is this "normal?"
Backdoor Roths and rollover 401ks tradeoffs?
Extra $3500 income expected next month - what would you do?
Should I pay off my credit card or my car loan with my tax return?
What are the ramifications from buying a home from a relative for less than the home is worth?
Which Vanguard Fund?
Anyone have experience with Ally for Checking/Savings?
Has anyone in r/personalfinance had success finding scholarships for Masters programs?
What are the best Fidelity Funds?
Private Party Car Loan, Where?
How should I investment my savings of 10K? (UK)
How to save more money?
First time filing taxes after getting married. Larger refund than expected... Normal?
Planning to refinance my home, but was unsure about a few things.  Does anybody have some advice?
How do I find who owns my student loans that are in default/collections? 
How to calculate my retirement amount?
AmeriCorps Education Award - I owe $1500 in taxes.  Tax credits to soften the blow?
I will be graduating in May with zero debt, and I have a full time job waiting for me. However I have 1 year to move out, how should i plan?
Buy house w/5% down or wait (with the assumption of prices and rates increasing)?
Micro-loan lending...Does it work, how well?
Homeowner Insurance, which would you do in this situation and why?
Consolidating/Refinancing Private Student Loans?
When to not take credit card offers?
If I have $250k liquid and I'd like around 10% return per year (liquid), what should I do with my money?
Mexico flair?
how bad will my credit be marked for totally stopping rent payments? more details to the situation inside. (long story)
any reason to keep long standing checking/savings account?
Can I build credit by paying off two cards back and forth?
Is now a good time to invest in a Vanguard S&amp;P?
Would someone help me with a deferred payment schedule?
Just signed up for CreditKarma, now what?
Could I get a better deal on my 30 year fixed refinance?  
I know everyone is freaking out about taxes, so here's another question: Does the IRS really care about a buisness that made about $1500 last year?
How does a company credit card with my name on it, affect MY credit score?
What to do with spouse's TIAA-CREF?
What is the best option for my savings?
Is it safe to go paperless online with your financial records?
I hate paying annual fees -- should I close my credit card?
What to do about my mortgage/financial situation?
Preparing to move out. Should I pay down student loans or save?
(US) Bought my first home late last year - what should I keep track of to itemize taxes next season?
What is the best use of saving $5 every day?
Is it a bad idea to open a second credit card?
Do we all agree on certain generic advice for people posting to r/PF?
"Micro loan" for an educational training course? I could use some advice, please. 
Retirement Calculations: How's this for reasonable?(US)
Is there any credence to the myth that if you pay half of your mortgage twice a month (instead of 1 full monthly payment) that you'll pay it off quicker?
Thoughts on first credit card for soon-to-be college grad?
Is a canceled check to a charity a good enough "receipt" for a donation?
Can you recommend a credit score monitoring service?
Should I be investing in REITs?
Should I be investing in REITs?
Do people actually open NEW accounts at the big banks? (Chase, Wells, BoA, etc. . )
No positive experience with personal finance + a little debt, how serious is this and how should I go about fixing it?
Rule of thumb for income to mortgage ratio?
Is anybody knowledgeable on the topic of wage garnishments?  My brother is in a huge pickle, and I'm trying to find him some good advice.
If I were to win a large settlement, what should I do first?
Dealing with unrealized 80% to 99% trade loss in IRA and Roth IRA. What to do?
Three fund portfolio across multiple accounts?
I'm going to inherit $650,000 in the next decade or so, what should I do with it?
Do I have to be a student to be accepted for a Citi Forward card?
Resident physician: should I buy or rent a home? 
Best card to supplement Amex Blue Cash Preferred? 
Over $400,000 in student loan debt, accruing $2,000 a month in interest... what do we do?
What can I do with $530,000 to save my life?
I'm a student struggling to keep track of credit card expenditures. Am I better off using my debit card? Any advice is appreciated!

Does my Roth IRA performance table make sense?
Partitioning savings accounts in online savings accounts. Anyone heard of this?
Recommended higher risk ETFs/Index funds?
Denied a secured credit card; Will a payday loan help me rebuild my credit?
Signed up for a $3000 BOA secured credit card, did I just waste my money?
Smartphone apps for finances?
Another credit card? (already have 6)
What do I do when  collection company refuses to send me stuff in writing?
Reproduce credit card introductory offers?
22 Years Old – First year out of college with a 50K/Year Job, No expenses (No rent, no food expenses, etc). What should I do with my savings, where should I invest for the long term?
How much to keep in a checking account?
18 y.o. kid alone in the world, I have no idea what I'm doing with my money? Help.
Individual 401K for self-employed wife?
Is it possible to pay your rent by credit card?
Could someone help educate me on how to save money on taxes by opening an IRA?
As a college student, what is the smartest choice that I can make with $200 a week?
Term Life Insurance too good to be true?
Opening a Roth IRA through Vanguard soon, anything I should know?
Just hired, $35k/yr, ~$400-500 extra/month. What to do with it?
r/pf: what are your charitable giving habits?
Best place to save money to buy a home?
How did your monthly expenses change when you had a baby?
Max out IRA 2012+2013 to start retirement savings or keep liquid to avoid student loans?
Paying off student loan with credit card?
What is a better choice A) Taking federal loans to pay for college B) Pay for college with savings?
Was I given good advice?
College Student – Just got a job, what do I need to do regarding taxes?
Debt Collector Issue? I paid, but they still report as negative! Contested debt holding up my refi.
After debt and savings are handled, what next?
Can I open an HSA in Feb. 2013 and make contributions for 2012 before April 15, 2013?
$65k salary, 60k bank, 34k debt - what to do?
I already have a Roth IRA (Vanguard). Employer is introducing SIMPLE IRA soon. What should I do?
I'm 26, graduate from school very soon and have never had a credit card. Could anyone direct toward some good credit cards?
Quantitively comparing credit card rewards?
Why have a savings account at all?
New job, no 401k.  Advice?
Recommended bank for a savings account?
Can I fund a 2012 ROTH IRA after I file my taxes? What are the consequences?
Roll Simple IRA into 401(k) or convert to Roth?
Roth IRA earnings tax free for home buyers if withdrawn before 5 years?
Can I sell my own stock?
any concerns to using an income ladder approach to increase ESPP contributions?
I'm 30, but have only had a real job where I could save any money for four years.  Here's a snapshot of my 401k and ROTH IRA.  Am I on the right track for financial independence later in life?
Refinance? Parents?
Has anyone deferred a mortgage payment before? Are there unreasonable hidden fees/unexpected charges that I should look out for? 
Buying a house later this year - anything we should be doing?
Backdoor Roth IRA questions: Contributing for 2012 with Vanguard, how to recharacterize? When are the 5 years up?
I work on commission and get paid bi-weekly. What is the best way to budget this? (Canada)
First car, how much should I put down, what's a good interest rate, where should I get a loan from? (US, IA)
Credit Card Offer from AMEX... What should I do?
What is your long term goal?
Should I transfer car loan from parents to me?
Is a 62-point disparity between credit scores unusual?  (More in text.)
How financially ruined am I?
which IRA to choose?
Best investments for mid-term investment timeline?
About to be debt free and almost at age 30...advice?
High level view of my finances. What can I improve? 401k vs. Roth
CD maturing soon, what to do with it? 
I am finalizing a lawsuit and am expecting some money, I would like to know best way to invest it?
Should I try to get my car payment on my credit??
How can I save for retirement if my company does not have a 401(k) and I can't contribute to an IRA?
Should I open an IRA?
Can you convert tax free combat pay from regular TSP to Roth TSP?
I recently got involved in my families business.  We are on a 10-15 year plan for eventually buying out our parents.  Is there anything you've encountered in this process that you'd like to share with us, so it's a smooth process? (CA)
What's more important: maxing out IRA or establishing an emergency fund?
When buying is the RIGHT time for us? 
All remaining debt is low interest, what do do next?
Do the withholding numbers on a W-4 correspond to a dollar amount or percentage of your paycheck?
Invested $460 too much into Roth IRA - How to correct?
How much should we have in our cash emergency fund?
Inherited $50K - What should I do?
Thoughts on my budget r/personalfinance?
How should I pay off a credit card that shows delinquent payments?
Best way to acquire admiral shares?
What would happen if everyone in the world suddenly became financially literate and responsible (like we advocate here at r/personalfinance)? (More inside)
Would I have a credit score by now?
Fiancée applied for new card, got me one for the account, too; does it affect my credit score?
Advice/strategies for an inexperienced recent college grad?
What to do with old 403b?
Continue saving or Pay off car loan?
Personal Finance reading list?
Am I eligible for Trad-IRA? Changed jobs and only one company offers 401(K)?
Roles in a commercial bank?
Has anyone gone into investment property with family, how did it work out?
What if I max out my 2013 Roth IRA now and then end up exceeding the income limit?
401k Contribution automatically stop at max?
Has anyone met with a Financial Planner before? If so would you recommend it?
How do you find a Balance Between Spending on Essentials, Savings and Wants?
I've just learned my credit score for the first time, 790. Why is it so high?
Should I contribute to a 401k when I'm certain i'll be changing employers (and 401k provider) within the next year?
Should I increase my 401(k) contribution in order to maximize my student loan deduction?
Why don't I pass credit checks anywhere?
Do you get bad credit if you don't use your credit card?
No more school or part time jobs. Finally filing my 1st Federal Tax Return after having a full time "big boy" job in 2012. Now I owe money?
$10,000 in credit card debt - does a personal loan make sense?
Which do I pay off first?
Should I purchase a mason jar full of gold?
I'm 22 and haven't made the smartest financial decisions in the recent years. My question is, are my mistakes repairable? And if so, how and where do I start? Details inside.
How can I make my money work for me despite being bearish about dangerous investments? 
Two of my credit cards were fraudulently used. Got my credit cards cancelled and replaced. What else should I do? 
Great Surprise - Gail Vaz-Oxlade in person!?
Should I keep an unused CC which keeps charging me to improve credit score?
Pay Off A House In 4 Years, Or Hold A 30-Year Mortgage?
Dave Ramsey - A post on his affiliation and bias? 
Should I still contribute to my 401k?
Getting 2nd job, game plan for catching up?
How many bank accounts/ investment accounts do you have?
My friend puts her savings into a state-specific bond fund (exempt from fed &amp; state taxes). She gets 4-6% on this. Is this a safe alternative to a savings account? Why or why not?
Starting to invest, am I crazy?
Does anyone know if you can pay off a chapter 13 bankruptcy early?
What are some common recurring costs in purchasing a home loan in addition to the mortgage? 
Is rewards2cash a legitimate website?
Is there any way to get a paid civil judgement off my record?
Is there such a calculator to answer the question: "What if I put $x in back in xxxx year?"
Budgeting in Multiple Currencies? (KR)
What to do with my tax return?
I have a new job about to start and I've been given the choice for either a bi-weekly or monthly (end of month) payment.  Which would you choose?  Why?
Retirement Nest Egg: How do you come up with a number?
Just checked my credit report and it's perfect, but I still have a 'poor' credit rating?
Aggressively pay off mortgage or student loans first?
Which is better...Holding onto an investment account or paying off credit cards?
Should I open a Roth IRA in my name or my husband's?
How do you deal with "category savings" in YNAB?
Should I continue my 401k contributions or save up for a house down payment sooner?
Want to eliminate car payment. What would you do?
Debt free and need to start investing for the future, where to start?
Let's talk credit card rewards, what do you guys like?
I am a fucking idiot with money. Are there any services out there that will just manage it for me and give me an allowance or something?
Stupid question, but how do you find a company's stock/share code?
How do I start a savings account with Barclays? Do I have to be in the UK?
Did my taxes and my federal return is $3500, can that be right?
What is the best way to pay extra on student loans and make sure it goes towards the principal?
Thinking about opening up a second credit card. Which company should I look into that reaps better benefits? Things to look out for?
Any suggestions for international bank accounts?
How do you contribute to your IRAs?
Why does it take so long for a bank to reflect a purchase, transfer, or refund on a credit card that bank owns?
What do you use to track your brokerage investments?
Does anyone else use Mint with a US Bank account?  Appears to be impossible. Alternatives? Must have android app and automatically import transactions.
How do I read this graph?
Tax return money - save it or use it to pay off CC debt?
Any success stories to inspire people trying to get out of debt?
I live in NY state and I owe money on my tax returns.  Can anyone explain why?
Credit score dropped after paying down debt.  How did that happen?
What's the best way to avoid lifestyle creep? How do you balance living frugal vs living the dream?
I have 10k USD I'd like to invest short term, what are some good options? 
What is the tax penalty when you change your deductions at work to max?
I have very little credit history. What are some credit cards I could use to build up my credit?
Where to put extra cash for retirement?
I finally have a stable income, how do I treat my money like an adult and not like it's my first paycheck?
Keeping track of consulting expenses, taxes?
I've been bad with my taxes. How do I make it right?
How should I manage my tax return?
TransRisk Vs. VantageScore: Which to be more concerned about?
Decrease auto ins coverage?
Am I on the right track? / Tips?
Want to start investing a very small amount with a couple hundred added every month. Where too?
Should I be filling a tax return as a student?
Car insurance rate for 25-year-old with little driving history?
Max out retirement accounts...best option for leftovers?
Need to rollover my 401k. Traditional IRA or Roth?
Refinancing in our home - and we have to get "a friend" to come by to witness? Is this normal?
Sophomore in college with a job, what should i be doing with my money ?
Bank of America is not charging interest on my credit card. What do I do?
When should I contribute to Roth IRA for 2013?
I'm becoming a public school teacher in a few months. Am I screwed?
$25,000 career starter loan (2.99% APR) - How do I make the most of this?
Is anyone else being treated unethically by Bank of America?
What questions should I ask before buying life insurance?
Grad student - should I buy new car?
Tax Advice (CA)...should I cash in on my credits or roll them over to 2013?
Free Taxes?
Student Loans: Paying across all or focus on one?
Can I open a Roth IRA right now, and make 2012 contributions into that account?
Is investing in stocks worth it?
Been with BOFA for years - looking to open a second checking account at a different bank. What bank should I use?
Is it possible to start a Roth IRA with Vanguard with funds from a non-retirement Janus account?
Finish school quietly, debt free with parent loans OR take student loans for one semester to study abroad?
Payoff credit card faster, or build up savings account simultaneously with CC payoff?
Worth contributing to IRA when above the AGI phaseout threshold?
Work bonus - tackle loan or RRSP? (CA)
What would you do?
Should I open a ROTH IRA?
Is an unmatched 401K worth it?
I moved my 401(k) into bonds just before the fiscal cliff, and the market didn't tank like I thought it would. How / when should I get back in?
We have 10k saved up, we want to buy a house and start a family, is it enough?
Benefits and tax obligations of accepting work as a 1099 in addition to full-time W-2?
Home equity loan with bad credit on coop?
Should I sell my things to pay down debt? 
What to do with two Roth IRAs?  One at Vanguard and one at TD Ameritrade.
At what point is it okay to own individual stocks?
I'm trying to reform/outline my budget. Can I please get some help?
Can a person never buy real estate and be considered optimal financially?
Am I paying too much in taxes? (self-employed)
Two Q's: Should I apply for another CC; and is there a way to tell/guess if I will get a certain card without applying?
Work a Sales Job. This is my Statement. Is this Legal?
What should I do with my car? 
Should my pay go up proportionately with minimum wage increase?
Car payment or high monthly fuel costs?
I own a house outright and I'm looking for a good loan. Tips?
will my bankruptcy ever stop causing me problems?
Why does everyone in this sub-reddit believe Vanguard is the best investment management company?
Am I putting too much into my 401k?
Financing law school: Federal and private loans or HELOC or refinance?
Paid off 1 of 2 credit cards. Next action?
Is bankruptcy the only way out?
Is it possible to get a secured credit card without the annual fee?
How much should one contribute to 401k if match is 25% of all contributions?
In 2012 I moved states but kept my job in my old state, how do I file state taxes?
What can I do with $5000 in 90 days?
What does /pf think about SECU(NC)'s varying interest rate credit card?
Noticed I had a new collection account, disputed it and lost. Now what are my options?
Does it make sense for me to buy a house? Questions about FHA loans.
Moving from state to state and buying a different car at the same time. Can I avoid getting car taxed twice?
[US] If I sold stock in 2012, which forms do I need to fill out for my 2012 tax return?
(US) Getting 10k as gifts for my wedding, spending money on Hookers n Coke?
Benefit to Pre-Approved Credit Cards Applications?
How to use credit card to continue to raise my score?
Should I open a Schwab Checking account for my 5 day trip abroad?
Chances of getting a chase student loan without a cosigner?
Goodwill and Tax Deductions: How do I know how the value of my donated clothing? Would a generic T-shirt purchased at Target be worth the same as a Burberry assuming both were in "excellent" condition?
Moving across the country to a big city.  Not sure if I should sell my car or not.  Thoughts?
Free Credit Score Websites - Which one is most legit/best?
What does it mean if it says a stipend is considered taxable by the IRS but no withholding will be done?
Should I Roll Over My 401k to a Roth IRA?
Can you tell me what my retirement plan means?  
Online Banking - What to do with cash?
403(b), Roth?, MSRS Pension
Should I and can I pay my mortgage with a credit card?
(Age 22) I have $35k in cash right now and no retirement accounts set up -- is creating and maxing out an IRA for 2012 the absolute best thing I can possibly do right now?
Any money making ideas for two 14 year olds?
Ack! Why is my 1098-T kicking my income up to 31000, when my W-2 (and my bank account) says I only had 2100 in income this year?
Variable Annuity vs Roth IRA?
Shady, abusive collections agency refuses to stop contacting me and my parents. Please help? (Seeing a lawyer on Wednesday). 
Anyone in PF that has in-depth knowledge of what happens to unpaid debts, from initial delinquency, to collections, to being sued in court for the debt/s?  And how to avoid or prolong the process?
Streamline FHA Refinancing...  What gives?
I hear a lot about Ally for high yield savings accounts on here, what about Barclays?
Age 22, 250k buy a co-op outright or mortgage a condo with my parents? First time buyer. (U.S NYC)
Am I investing properly in my 401k?
How can I get the most out of cardmember benefits like concierge service?
(CA) Why is Capital One suddenly sending me "guaranteed" credit cards now that I haven't paid my other credit cards?
What are the big picture approached principles to good quality personal finance? Is it as simple as 2 modes of thinking..."budget" and "total asset tracking"?
(CA) Will be making $47,000 a year starting March 1st. What/how should I invest in Canada?
A former landlord is trying to stick me with a $200 bill that is absolutely 100% illegitimate.  I refuse to pay.  What's the worst that can happen in terms of my credit report?
Could I get some advice getting a good "travel" credit card? (CA)
Have a 401k plan through Fidelity at work. Should I choose a Target Retirement Date Fund or Aggressive Growth portfolio?
Good Bank that offer student plans? (CA)
Help me understand HELOC. Please? 
39.08% of my paycheck went to taxes. Isn't that a little high?
buying new, used, new lease, used lease car for 1 year?
In need of a new vehicle; but paying off debt; what do you recommend?
Would a car loan hurt my options with a personal loan in the near future?
(USA) Theoretically, what would happen if you opened an IRA for a child when it was born and made max contributions until it was able to make it's own?
I am receiving a little over $6000 in Stafford Loans this week. What is the best thing to do instead of having it just sit in the bank?
Put money toward student loan?
(US) Inheritance from a grandmother, cash from a closed CD: any tax implications?
[US] I make $70K/year and live at home with my parents. I intend on moving out in the near future. Am I managing my finances correctly?
I have a bunch of EE savings bonds. My mom says I should cash them out now because in the next few years "their worth may go down". Is this even a possibility?
Which card is right for me? (US)
I'm not living paycheck to paycheck anymore. What should I invest in? 
High chance of lower income at retirement age - should I go for a Traditional retirement fund?
[US] A follow-up to my previous post. Hopefully it can help others out there. Does it make sense to transfer high interest student loan debt to a (fixed rate) low interest credit card?
Hubby and I make $180k total, but have $220k in student loans. Impossible to save for home, kids, etc?
What is PF's take on car financing strategies?
Hey pf, thoughts on my situation!?
I need a B&amp;M bank to ferry money between accounts. What do you recommend?
Move 401k Percentage to IRA?
How much should I contribute to 401k?
First Business Credit Card - Revolving Spending Limit?
Pay off credit cards or buy a house?
Left my employer in May. What happens to the non-vested portion of my 401k?
When are we ready to buy a house? 
Did you know WolframAlpha is also a financial calculator?
Being kicked out soon, no money, help?
Is opening a USSA Secured Credit Card a good way to start building credit?
23 yrs. old. ~$36,000 Student Loans. Paying off in 10 yrs. on the most aggressive plan. Should I stop 401k/Roth contributions and pay off student loans in 2 years?
23 and Employed full-time, should I contribute to company unmatched 401(k)?
Two loans, which to partially pay off?
Bought a house in mid-2011.  Should I consider refinancing?
Best video explaining microfinance?
Quick credit card application question - total annual income?
He (US) &amp; She (AT) with 80k EUR to invest in US Market.  But how? and in what? (AT)
Buried in credit card debt.  Will asking them to freeze my account and start a payment plan destroy my credit?
NPR: "Does anyone make anything that beats a low-fee index fund?"
Just got my first "real" job. What should I do to begin to organize my finances?
Renting vs buying arguments: could I buy a home then rent it out?
Does anyone have any advice on joining the "alternative to traditional banking" called Simple?
Issue with Credit Karma accounts. Merged credit score with spouse?
I'm going away in a month. Is there such thing as a temporary credit limit increase for emergencies?
How bad are "store cards"?
What is one part about credit cards that you wish you knew more about?
How to Procced?
I'm 29 and I have more money than I know what to do with. (Which is funny, because it isn't really all that much money at all). Invest? IRA? Mutual funds? Other thing?
I'm 29 and I have more money than I know what to do with. (Which is funny, because it isn't really all that much money at all). Invest? IRA? Mutual funds? Other thing?
What's the best way to travel and save on fees these days?
How EXACTLY do I do a backdoor contribution to Roth via Vanguard?
What should I do with $7k before April 15 (and the rest of the year)?
Emergency Fund - What should it be used for?
About to buy my first house, does it make sense to cash out stock for bigger downpayment to avoid PMI?
Bought a new car 6 months ago, 10k left on loan. Can I trade it for a new car?
If a company doesn't send a 1099 form, how do I file it for my taxes?
Helping my mom buy a house, risks? Rewards? Frankly im terrified. 
I don't think my employer is withholding the appropriate amount of Federal income taxes?
Am I doing it right?
What are the pros and cons of a Total Stock Market Index Roth IRA? 
I'm about to buy my first house, does it make sense to cash out stock for bigger down payment to avoid PMI?
Got my first credit card 4 months ago, can I apply for a new card?
Are there any college student here that have a Discover it student credit card? 
I was a cosigner for a student loan and I had to pay it off before it went default. Am I able to do anything on my next years tax returns to try and get something out of it?
Should I (25) max out my 401k until I have definite goals?
Should I up my credit limit? (US)
Newly debt-free, very risk-averse: what to do with emergency fund and investing generally?
Anyone else have problems creating account with creditkarma.com?
How's this for a newlyweds budget?
Where to store money if I want to buy a house in 5 years?
Want to buy some stock, where do i start?
Where do you store your emergency fund?
Is there a Mint.com feature that allows comparison with trends, savings vs. earning rates, etc. of other users?
(US+IN) Student loans, stable job, no idea of US PF, investing in property good idea?
Wife is about to default on her student loans and needs my help. What do I do?
Where to go for advice to go from good to great?
How can I lower my student loan payment?
Should I Purchase a Subscription to myFICO?
As a young couple in their twenties, what financial advice would you give us?
Should I finish paying now? (CA)
How often do I request a credit increase?
Can I itemize travel to work in 1040, Schedule C if I work as a contractor?
Is it as bad to cancel credit cards as some people say?
What's the best thing a poor-recent-college grad can invest in? 
I overcontributed to my 2012 Roth, then converted it to a Traditional IRA. Is it too late to do a backdoor contribution to Roth?
How do you decide when it's worth it to earn more $ but worse working conditions?
I need out of this lease, what are my options?
Going from $0/year to $100,000/year upon graduation. How to handle loans, housing, savings?
Authorized Spender helping or hurting?
Can someone explain credit scores and credit inquiries to me? 
Had a small student loan get paid off using my tax return. Is this good or bad for my credit? 
Do any of you rebalance biweekly or more often?
Any experience with online Credit helping programs?
Is there a way to see if you would qualify for a particular credit card without actually applying for a credit card?
Best idea for ~$10k over 6-12 months?
Thoughts on Debt Protection Insurance?
Will maxing out my credit card every month be bad for my credit?
Does anyone know the answer to this problem concerning loan amortizations? 
Pay off car loan with tax refund or save/invest it?
Mint.com for people outside north america?
403b rollover to Roth IRA?
What are r/personalfinance's thoughts on keeping your emergency fund in an interest bearing checking account?
Sister leased a car from an "anyone gets approved" place in Colorado.  Can she get out?
My work will match my 401k contribution up to 17%. Should I put in that much?
Mint vs. YNAB?  Reasons to switch?
As a freelance photographer in a new area, would it be worth finding a p/t job to suppliement income or dump all that time into my business?
How to invest/save money while going to school?
If a family member is making a risky financial decision, do you butt out?
What's the best bank to open a checking account with?
Hi R/PF!  I'm curious if I got myself into trouble... will they really report a balance to the credit bureau 1 month post due?
Parking lot hit and run, should I file an insurance claim?
Am I saving the right way?
My grandmother cosigned a car for my brother. He's not paying, what happens to her? 
North Shore Agency claiming I owe Sprint money....Fake??
Would contributing to a 2012 (and possibly 2013 ) IRA essentially be contributing at the peak of the stock market? 
What are your "percentages" for Mint's Spending by Category for 2012???
Best way to go about paying off debts and restoring credit?
I just recently refianced my house, should I continue to pay extra on my mortgage?
Used car buyers of reddit, how did you ensure that you were getting a good deal?
Marital finances are in a constant unnecessary crisis - WSID?
Limited investment options; what to invest in?
Still in College, almost zero income and can't really afford to start saving yet.  Is there still something I can do now to start preparing for the future?
Moving/New Job Questions: how does a 401k work when moving between companies and does bad credit affect renting a place?
Got my tax return, should I pay off one of my three CC or spread the amount over all of them?  
Schwab or Vanguard? Share your experiences or opinions?
So I bought into a Vanguard Roth IRA the other week and I'm wondering if my timing was bad?
What to for cash deposits?
By the time I received a medical bill, it was already sent to collections. I have the money to pay in its entirety. What will its negative impact be on my credit? What can I do to minimize the damage?
How should I invest/save my money? (20yo/Australia)
Which of these apartments would you take?
I have a friend in debt and they want to go to school and don't make a lot of money at their job. What should they do?
Is it worth trying to get out of the 25% tax bracket this year?
Can't decide ... Navy Federal , or USAA? For a Roth IRA.
OH GOD! I just saw my wife's credit report for the first time. What do I do?
How did you do in February?
Affect of student loans on credit score?
Advice on the best place to put money to make a good future?
How does leasing a car impact your credit?
How do I make 5k in one summer when i'm 16?
Why Did My Tax Return Change From A Refund To Money Owed?
What is the value airline miles VS hotel points?
I am leaving my job, what should I do with my 401K?
I have student loan debt but I am returning to school in the fall, how do I save/repay properly? (CA)
Need a car for the summer, small savings - buy or rent?
How should we allocate my wife's yearly stip?
A friend was just told she cannot qualify for an FHA loan because she makes too much money. She and I make about the same; household income is also about the same. Anyone heard this?
Would anyone like to clear up a few questions I have regarding mutual funds (vanguard)? 
If you know you may be laid off in 7 months, how do you prepare?
Recently received my tax return of ~$1,200 as a soon-to-be college grad. How can I invest this money for a fair yield? 
Best blogs/books to learn how to play the stock market? 
Working on a PFM software tool, complete a survey for me?
Will increasing my secured card credit limit help my credit score?
Red flags in refinance solicitations by mail?
Does a positive number in a 1098T's Box 4 -Adjustments increase what I owe?
Who has a very high credit score and why do you think it is so high?
Could this cost me my mortgage loan? 
I'm dumb. 3 medical bills in collections. Advise please?
Is the True Market Value on Edmunds including sales tax and interest rates on a car dealer's lone? Trying to find out if I'm getting screwed or not.
I have a $5500 left on my credit card with a 29% APR.  I just came into $6000, should I pay it off?
Whats are the differences between primary residence v.s.  "vacation or investment" Property when it comes to refinancing?
Apply your tax refund to balance on your student loans or to your IRA?
Began investing in Target retirement fund last week, now balance is significantly lower. Is this normal?
Is CreditKarma a way to get a full credit report, or only your credit score?
401k or Rollover IRA? Which is better?
"Sequestration" coming and the stock market is doing great, what gives?
How has debt negatively effected your life?
Never getting a credit card? 
How long should I keep check stubs?
Buying a USED car. Down payment? Full Finance? Pay in full?
Can I still use TurboTax Freedom Edition for state taxes if I already filed federal taxes using a different TurboTax service?
My tax refunds just came in. Best way to allocate them?
Refinancing mothers mortgage, co-sign?
Might be a FAQ, but I don't see it in the sidebar: how to use credit JUST enough for a good credit score?
How do you prioritize your disposable income? (moving from Mint to YNAB)
What happens when you're being audited? 
About to inherit a little over $200,000 and have no credit or debt. What's the next fiscally responsible step?
How long before I can afford to buy a house?
Just found out I can't contribute to my Roth in 2013...what should I do now?
I'll be getting a job soon that is a w-9(contractor) form job and was wondering if you guys had any tips?
Any personal budget spreadsheets out there you guys recommend?
Are there any investments I can make now to save on 2012 taxes?  
Is my friend making bad choices or am I way too judgmental?
Exemption from student wages in Ontario??
Iraqi Dinar - worthy investment? 
Is it better financially to start paying up a larger, long term loan than a short one?
Walmart overcharge, no receipt. Where do I go from here?
Buying Your First Home? Avoid Property Tax Danger Zones 
Looking at buying a short sale as a first time home owner. What are some of your positive/negative experiences with this?
Got a new job tripling my income. Any advice on paying off student loans/credit cards more aggressively?
Given my savings, what should my car-buying strategy be?
Best Ratios to Track?
Near-future financial situation looking bleak -- Help?
What are the expected cost of having a baby and how should I save up for it? (Newly wed, hoping to have a baby soon.)
My wife's checking account was hacked. I've got the name and address of the guy who did it. What do I do now?
I own a small amount of McDonalds shares. Haven't seen any dividend checks in at least a decade. Possible to get them retroactively?
Selling my car to pay off a loan, pros and cons?
How to save for attending business school in one year (US)? 
Employer is converting 401ks from one company to another. New company has 10% fee?
Ideal credit card to gain rewards for business expenditures reimbursed by my employer?
Is a Roth IRA best for my situation?
So how much did you spend in February? Did you make your budget? What will you do differently for March.
Starting a Roth IRA - should I go through Mass Mutual provided by my job or Vanguard?
Looking to open a secured card, so I went to my local credit union, however the credit card only reports to Equifax. Should I go with the card or not? 
Can someone please explain to me why my tax refund is so low? (CANADA)
Joint credit score?
Paying student loans and going back to school shortly...help?
I'm getting paid in cash.  Can I deposit it?
Medical student (US) trying to pre-empt any financial problems. How do I reorganize my life with Mint? Other advice?
Want to contribute to an IRA, but will be getting married and moving internationally soon. What are my options?
I made a spreadsheet to show the effect of expense ratios on fund returns.  Like it?
Schwab vs Vanguard for IRA?
Switching from Wells Fargo. Where do I go? (x-post /r/frugal)
was a guarantor for my mother's apt in 2010; she got evicted early into it and i have a 5k debt on my credit, what can i do?
Trad IRA or Roth IRA for law school tuition?
Questions about student loans...where do I get them, and how much would I need?
What to do with extra cash?
How do you stay on track?
Frequency of paying off a house improvement loan?
Mint, YNAB, or Quicken best for deep-diving into our finances?
Are there any benefits to slowly paying down a Sallie Mae school loan? (US)
Is my company's 401k charging me too much?
Saving Method....doable or a joke?
Defaulted car loan from 2008, pay or not? Details inside
Anyone taken the Online trading academy workshop? What was it like?
Is buying a house in my situation possible?
Relaying Work Expenses to Credittors?
Is the company match worth it with such a high expense ratio?
Can't get a single credit card, help?
Need help figuring out debt. Is consolidation an option? Personal loan to do this?
Should I cancel my credit card?
Is it smart to buy individual stocks?
Best term life insurance policy/company?
How high of a raise makes it worth moving for? TX to WA
Advice - 28y.o. With 40k in savings.  What should i do with this money?
Finance used Prius to get credit score higher so future student loans have lower interest rate?
Closing oldest credit account, makes my credit score go up?
0% Balance Transfers Coming Back in Vogue and it is tax time... thoughts?
Paying off a credit card... Will this lower my limit or credit score?
What is the Australian equivalent to 'throw it in a vanguard index fund'?
Does anyone here have any experience with YNAB?  Is it worth investing time in their course or is there something better out there?
Which credit bureau does Chase use?
Can I contribute to a 2012 Roth IRA if I have already filed my 2012 taxes?
Idea I have for increasing my credit limit while abroad.  Any noticeable flaws?
Can I switch my mortgage to a new bank? If so would it be worth it?
Mint or Quicken?
I'm 18, no idea what I want to do with my life. Should I even go to college?
Credit card account (in good standing) is closed by bank, no warning/reason given - is this normal?
Baby on the way - what kind of car should we get?
Buying a home. Should I borrow a small amount from my 401k to cover a couple things?
Came into 92k... should I pay off debt? Save for house down-payment/ emergency fund? Not sure what's the best course of action...
[Meta] The sub-reddit "/r/PF" is unoccupied.  Should we/can we grab it and make it redirect here?
[Q] I have at least 200k set aside for me for college. What do I do?
No 401(k) match. Straight to Roth IRA?
Neighbors stole ~$2,000 from my father over the internet using a stolen check. What are his options for legal recourse?
Messed up on my W-4. Owe $300 according to turbotax. Is there anything I can do?
Will spending too little on a second credit card negatively affect my credit score?
My loan payments are more than I make a month, What are my options? (Details inside) 
Why did this (owing so much, can't write anything off, etc.) happen with my taxes?
Pay off CC next day? Or wait til statement?
I feel totally screwed. Am I in over my head?
Looking into student loans. What are the best places to get one from?
[College Student] What is the best secured card? What is the best way to repair my credit?
Where would real estate go in asset allocation mix?
I'd rather not have a credit card. What are the consequences of never getting for one?
Looking to purchase home (for investment purposes), mortgage spreadsheets/return spreadsheets available?
What can I do to improve my credit score?
Pulled my credit report and there is a card with an old 120+ past due status. What are my options?
Should I buy a new car?
Do court judgements against you for a large sum (ie: $60K) show up on credit report(s) as "debt" and/or does it negatively affect you?
Soon to be a first time home owner, whats in store for me?
Career Change?
Credit or loan with no credit history?
Are our goals realistic? Not really sure if I'm doing this right.
Buyer's remorse - Is it normal?
Want to refinance, not sure which companies / banks are least likely to try and screw me. Any recommendations?
When you bought your home, did you miss or lose out on anything quantifiable? Ex: commute, job considerations etc.
Help a teen out?
Should I close CC if it has high rate? 5yr history.
[College student] Credit union or bank?
Should I be doing more than just matched 401k and Roth IRA contributions?
Looking at apartments right now.  Buy, or rent?
Currently an AU on a platinum Amex, and a capital one cc. I know that being an AU contributes to my credit score, but should I get a card on my own?

[Beginner's talk] How did you start it all, managing your personal finances? (EU)
I'm 19 and just inherited £13,000. What should I do with it?
Closed my only credit card about 4 years ago and haven't had one since.  My credit rating is high 700+-.  Will opening a card improve this? Am I doing damage by not have an open line of credit?
Thoughts on smartypig 1.00% APY savings?
Facing Foreclosure???  Please read.
Pay off student loan?
Is there any need for a brick and mortar bank?
How Can I Earn More Return on a Small(er) Amount of savings?
"hacking" IBR?
Does anyone know of good banks that offer low interest fixed APR on unsecured loans?
My credit file is frozen or blocked??
Got real job. Self employment left me with a lot of debt, how should I budget to get stable?
Extremely unique situation. 19 years old with no loans. Just accepted a job at an extremely fast growing startup for $55k/year and 25,000 stock options. Advice on what to do with it all?
Negative mark on credit, my fault, what is the best way to pay it / get it off?
What are some good ways to learn about personal finance for a 20s female?
Should I call collections agencies?
Travelling to Japan - what can I do to aviod bank fees?
When is it okay to cancel a credit card? (US)
Canadian version for the FAQ? (CA)
I inherited ~250k...how should I go about with the money?
I have $25k sitting in a Savings account making 0.05%, where should I move it to or what kinds of things should I be researching?
What % of my bonus should I put into my 401k?
Earn about 70k/year. Saved 500k. How should I invest? (x-post r/investing)
Starting to manage my finances. What's the best habit to begin with?
Credit card payment posting date - pay early or day it's due?
I am able to save approximatley £700/ month and have ~£3,000 in savings, how can I make this work for me? (UK)
Anyone have experience with Charles Schwab Bank?
$2,500 bonus. Pay down credit cards or save?
Has anyone used Ally online savings account? What are your experiences with it? [I'm new to finding online bank accounts.]
is it possible to make money in, or even profit FROM a recession?  (though investing or stocks or bonds or whatever)?
Current credit card expiring in 2 months. What are my options? (Details inside)
Is there any downside of paying off a credit card after each purchase (resulting in making multiple payments to it per month) rather than making one larger payment at the end of the month? Both ways end with me paying the credit card in full at the end of the month. 
Just received my student refund check, should I use to travel and gain experience for my field or pay off some of my loans? Advice please, detail inside. 
Now that I have my finances in order, how quickly can I expect my credit score to go up?
I have $10K fo a down-payment on a house I can't buy just yet, where should I put it ?
Receiving payment from China: what are my options?
Contract W2 work, 401(k) not offered, do I have any other tax-deferred options?
20 years old, $1000 to invest. No debt. Where do I start?
How to get rid of repeated/identical hard inquiries on credit report?
Should I try getting a personal loan?
Using our Cash Savings to pay off Student Loans. Good idea?
Anyway to counteract a negative credit report when looking to simply rent?
Medallion Signature Guarantee?
Any benefits of paying back student loans at ONCE?
Help on my taxes?
23 years old, college educated, but still no "real" job.  However, current job offers 401(k) with matching.  Is it worth starting now or should i wait?
In 2011, I received $5k as a gift from a relative. Does this count as unearned income, or some other form of taxable money? 
What should I do with my emergency fund?
22 years old and putting $1,000/month into CDs. How should I diversify my savings?
(CA) Is Paypal fee a personal expense or a business expense?
Is one of these better than the other one? Am I missing something obvious?
Pay off house or put money elsewhere?
Using debit card to build credit... possible?
Transferring my target retirement fund from T. Rowe Price to Vanguard. Should I buy ETF or Investor Shares?
Can I request an audit of my credit score? (CA)
What's your index fund breakdown and why?
Where would you go for best financial situation?
What should I do with $4K? Refinancing - should I pay off debt or make repairs?
I have 20k I want to invest. I want to buy a house in 2 years. Where should I put it?
Should I switch my 401k plan to Roth or other IRA? I no longer work for employer or make contributions and I want to maximize growth.
Should I pull out?
$100,000+ in student loans: Pros/Cons/Obstacles of consolidation?
Pay off car completely or chip away at higher-interest loan?
Any reason not to transfer credit card balance to another card with a lower APR?
Checking my credit score, where do I begin?
How do I use my part-time, min. wage job earnings as a college student?
I have ZERO credit - does it hurt to apply for non-secured credit cards?
About 5k - No debt. What to do?
I make roughly 200k a year.  I have 100k in the bank.  I have debts of 300k.  I'm roughly 30 years away from retirement.  What do I do now?  How much house can I afford?  Car?  
Help? What should I do?
Start school at 24?
Whole Life Term 10 pay fit me?
Slow down/"undo" amortizing?
Calculators and other resources for intra-family loans?
What credit card "features" (e.g., warranty, rental CDW coverage, etc.) should I be using?
At what income level is a 401k better than a Roth 401k?
Travel Physical Therapist, here.  Time limit to file for licensing reimbursement?
[AUS] 21 y/o wondering about the stock market and where to start?
Where can a 20 year old get a personal loan for about $2,000?
IRS wants me to file back tax returns... What do I do?
Will tuition ruin me?
Interest rate options on my student loans?
I bought $700 worth of Fidelity's Freedom 2040 mutual fund; the value of that security is now $708. Are the eight dollars automatically reinvested?
Am I doing fine with my finances at age 22?
advice on what i should do?
Time is my ally?
Where to start?
What red flags should I be looking for with my mother's retirement account?
Spouse may lose job in four months.  What should we do first?
Better to pay off credit card now or make payments?
$20k down, $15,000 a month, house paid off in 5 years?
Starting a Roth IRA. Is this a good allocation? (+ a couple small questions)
Penalties for transferring an inherited Roth IRA?
Borrow to pay down student loans?
Young kid, living at home, no debt, and a decent paying job. Where do I start?
Where should the majority of my disposable income go? Student Loan Debt? IRA? Savings for down payment?
Visa United MileagePlus Explorer Card?
Feeling trapped... in a high ranked university. Social science major, quickly accumulating debt from student loans, barely scraping by, have a learning disability and getting a job would likely hurt my grades a LOT. Tempted to leave school &amp; take a more entrepreneurial road. Any advice?
How robust is the "4% plan" for retirement?
Roth IRA, automobile purchase, or save for medical school? Help.....
Is there any reason why we should not pay off our mortgage early?
Investment/Retirement advice for early 20's Freelancer? (UK)
Some advice on a new car purchase?
My "emergency fund" is sitting in my 0.45% bank account. Surely, this could be in a better place? Vanguard...
Graduating soon, 90k in loan debt, 55k full time job around the corner... How bad is it?
My emergency cash is sitting in my 0.45% bank account. Isn't there a better place for all these bones?
Getting started with Investments in Australia...where ?


Just got an offer from Discover for a savings account with .8% interest. Are there any hidden issues with this? 
How long until new lines of credit show up on report?
How can I maximize my credit card limit?
I'm currently on Cobra insurance... How do I pick a new insurance plan without getting screwed?
Leave a balance or pay in full? - Conflicting ideas
Where do I go with credit card debt questions?
$25k in savings, $11k in student loans, no other debt. Say farewell to it or keep emergency funds?
"Guaranteed refinance loans" - gimmick or smart?
Can someone explain interest rates for the Wells Fargo student credit card?
$23k in debt $12k in pocket, Payoff half? or try and get settlements and kill more debt
What is the minimum length of time that you should consider investing in index funds?
Pay off loans? Invest? Buy a house? Wat it do...
Recommendations for legally-binding Living Trust document?
Already have two hard inquiries on my credit report (Jan 2013, Aug 2012). I really want to apply for the Costco credit card. Will these hard inquiries hurt my chances at being accepted?
Credit Union or Ally? Where should I park my money?
How much money should a High school student save from their summer job?
Unusual graph for a stock symbol - what does it mean?
Should I just continue saving as I am, or pay off my car and then rebuild my savings?
Retirement account contributions to offset tuition benefit tax liability?
I want to refinance for a better interest rate and shorter term.  How do I go about shopping?
Pay extra toward mortgage or invest?
A few years ago I financed a car that was way too expensive for me. Today I learned they added in a ton of fees, and I still have 5 years left of payments. How bad will it hurt my Credit Score to give the car back to the bank? 
Just got my first credit card. What do I need to know?
Possibly buying a second home and renting out the first one. Is it worth it?
Is 0% APR on a credit card really a free loan?
I'm thinking about buying a condo... and seeing A LOT of foreclosure properties. What are the pros and cons of buying a foreclosed condo?
My old mortgage broker emailed me about refi my FHA loan to 3.25%...what am I missing?
Refi quotes indicate I can go from 30yr to 15yr mortgage and keep payments roughly the same: do it or not?
Credit Cards?
First time home buyer - Can I afford it?
Renting a 4-bedroom home for 7 people (3 adults, 4 kids). How to split the costs fairly? 
Planning on working full time while hitting up Grad School. Hoping to locate some scholarships or grad-focused grants. Protips? 
Is it foolish to have multiple credit cards from the same issuer?
Best way to go about increasing credit card limit?
Life Insurance ... ?
Any insight into why withholding (W4) from Single to Married is so high?
refi mortgage to pay off college loans?
What percentage of my income should I be saving each month?
Ex girlfriend plans to just walk away from her debts and drop off the radar.  What can she expect?
Is the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program real?  It seems too good to be true.
Married couple who's followed the rules - when to get risky?
Can I rollover my current 401k?
The real estate market in my area is getting crazy.  I was hoping to save for one more year before buying a house but it's starting to look like I'll miss the boat for a decent house at a decent price.  What should I do?
How much to spend on rent and utilities? (CA)
Opening a Roth IRA right before buying a house?
Where should I invest my money?
Debt-free low income college student, do I need a savings account?
Any experience with Quicken Will Maker?
Should I take out a secured credit card now or wait?
Rolling over a 401k to a Vanguard ROTH IRA. If I do it now (before April 14th), am I going to need to resubmit my taxes?
Pay down student loans or save up safety net?
If $1000 is the Dave Ramsey-mandated emergency fund, is there a need to keep any more on hand?
Monetary cost/benefit of buying a home vs. renting: did I miss anything?
401(k) to Roth IRA?
Save for college tip?
Could you critique my plan for spending 14.5K?
How can I afford healthcare?
If I have debt, should I be saving anything?
Dump MBA savings into mortgage, and then withdraw? (2 Scenarios)
I currently give about 300 bucks a month for whole/permanent life insurance. Should I keep it there or put that cheese else where? thanks in advance for your recommendations. (25 y/o) 
Can this identity fraud be beneficial?
Whole Life always so bad?
How bad will a collections account for $8 hurt my credit?
Should I file for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy? (Grad student with medical debt)
Car repairs adding up, use unexpected bonus to pay off (very low rate) credit card balance or buy a replacement car?   Also, will I have a problem getting a car loan if I got one last year but changed my mind and paid back right away?  (CA)
Should I pay my student loan off or invest?
Should I Apply for Chase Sapphire Preferred?
Need a new car, have awful credit. Advice?
what are some good rewards credit cards?
My employer matches my 401K dollar for dollar up to 17,500 but have loans to pay off. What to do?
23, starting a 401k, good preparation or unnecessary?
Pay off student loans or start a savings account?
We have 10k saved up, what should we do with it for more?
pay off car loan - does it hurt credit score?
After the helpful replies I received a few weeks ago, I have another question: For an ETF, is it better to have a 0.55% expense ratio and "better" growth, or 0.05% expense ratio and "worse" growth?
How do you guys feel about Dave Ramsey?
Does the seven year listing on the credit report restart upon settlement?
Any Suggestions?
What does /r/personalfinance think about gambling?
What's the best personal software I can use at home to track expenses, etc.? Am trying to plan for only one income for the family. Suggestions welcome!
21 y/o - Lock in Life Insurance while young and healthy?
Should I cancel my annual-fee CapOne $750-limit credit card that I got ~2 years ago when I now have a no-fee Chase Freedom with $5k limit?
Home software for budgeting?
Paying off student loans or buying a house?  Could use some help
Can someone explain to me how credit card debt payment works?
Should I follow up on an unresolved BS collection dispute? Details inside.
Thoughts on op piece encouraging "young investors" to take retirement savings risks?
I am thinking of getting Ace Money or Quicken for personal finance which do you recommned and why?
I'm 22 and about to file taxes.  Should I open and invest into a Roth IRA first?
How would you allocate a 401K with these fund options?
Has anyone heard of Student Loan Hero?
23yr old with 401(k) and ~3k in savings, should I put more money towards emergency fund or Roth IRA?
With 0 unsecured debt, will closing credit card accounts impact my credit score?
What is the right choice here? (Bankruptcy?)
25yo with crippling student debt, and no banks will consolidate! Do I have options?
Looking to get started in stocks. Are there any books/guides for someone with NO experience?
Roommate leaves abruptly and I am left to pay there rent and utilities? Is there anything I can do?
DEBT collection went from 1,209.63 to 4,272.97 any ideas of how i can convince them to lower it?
Can you get a tax deduction if you have high student loans?
Is it possible to work for your whole life, spend frugally, and still have no money for retirement?
YNAB users: "how do you want to handle overspending for this category"?
Not sure if I should be doing something with my money?
My net worth is in the negatives because of student loans. I'm applying to rent a condo. Will I run into issues? (details inside).
reddit i just went from making 15000 a year to making 160,000 a year. What is some advice you can give me?
What can an 18-year-old do to start managing their finances and building credit? (CA)
20 year olds trying to save for future. Roth IRA(s)?
My current 401k matches 100% at 5 years, vests 20% per year. Roth before matching, or stick with 401k?
Have any of you left a good career to go to medical school?
Financially responsible redditors, how much money do you suggest one have saved to move to a new state without a job lined up?  More in text.
Brick-and-mortar bank account - Should I close it? (Canada)
Anything I should know about putting all my savings into an online only savings account?
Fiance has a car loan with 0% Interest for the 5 year loan. What should we do?
Just got my taxes back from my accountant and will be receiving ~$8k refund. How to avoid this for next year? 
Study Abroad - Yes or No?
When will the FED increase Federal Funds Rate? (Private Student Loan Question)
Down payment on first house. Should I break my Roth IRA(s) in order to avoid PMI?
Want to go to nursing school this fall. Can't work FT with it. How can I make this work?
My college loan was transferred to a new company at a higher rate, is that allowed?
Should I max out my 401k or have less restricted investments?
Cons of withdrawing Roth IRA contributions before retirement age to use as a down payment for a house?
Is adding a car loan to my situation a bad idea?
Pay off loan or let it age?
100K to invest for three years. Any advice?
Buying a car: Get a loan or pay cash?
Work only offers a SEP-IRA. Is asking them to start a 401(k) my only option for tax-sheltered contributions?
Which would be more beneficial?
Life off my savings so I can max out retirement account?
I want to start a savings account. Does it matter which bank I choose?
Came up with another $10,000 to invest. Is it a bad idea to put it into the S&amp;P500 right now?
Question about raising my credit limit (about to start a new job)?  I need the money until I get my paycheck in a month.
Live off my savings so I can max out retirement contributions?
Credit Card question?
How can I make my budget better?
Pay off car loan or save to buy first house with a basement apartment to rent out? (CA)
Sell stock to purchase Roth IRA?
Vanguard question: Can you reallocate money between funds without having to sell and pay capital gains taxes?
Can I somehow claim the laptop I bought for college on my taxes? 
As a freelancer with no 410(k) options, I want to open a SEP-IRA, correct?
How to budget summer internship income of $12k?
We were almost at the income threshold for Roth contributions this year. Would contributing more to our 457s next year help keep our MAGI low enough to stay below or do Tax-Deferred accounts not help with that?
[Canada] How can I convert investments into a TSFA into real estate investments?
[Canada] Is there a way to turn invest money in a TFSA in real estate without technically withdrawing the funds, thus having tax benefits on appreciation?
Tips on Exercising Willpower/Restraint?
Should I switch Banking Accounts?
Over contribution to an HSA? Really?
How do home maintenance costs vary in different locations? High cost of living regions vs low cost of living regions.
Roth IRA, T.Rowe Price or Vanguard?
What are the best things one can do to ensure a secure financial future?
Is now a bad time to open an IRA heavy in stocks?
How should he have handled this? -- Medical biller's error turns to collections, credit score plunge for Piscataway man
Refinance: Should I put cash toward it?
Should I tap my emergency fund for a $1000 car repair?
So I got offers in the mail for both AMEX gold and platinum cards. Should I apply for both?
Am I contributing too much to my HSA?
I want to buy an industrial building as my primary residence. Zoning allows it. . . How to finance?
Issue with Credit Karma accounts. Merged credit score with spouse? (update)  
Distribute Money over Savings instead of CDs?
Has anyone tried manilla? Is it any better than mint.com?
Roth IRA or Student Loans...or both?
Offered to settle 11k Chase credit card debt for 9k, how bad is the credit hit?
IRA Question - When Transferring from a brokerage to an IRA, what counts towards annual limits?
Just opened a Roth IRA, did I make the right choice?
Should I unwind this years contributions to my traditional IRA?
How much should I have saved up to move to another city?
Are any of you Personal Financial Planners or in a related field? College student figure out my life.
I just signed up for Mint.com and it won't support my Old Navy Credit Card.  Now What?
How risky is a variable rate based on LIBOR?
Roth vs. Trad: If you are at the top of the 25% tax bracket (about to be in 28% bracket in 1-2 years), what should be your strategy for contributions in the near future?
Scenario: Married couple co-habitating with Single Mom and two small kids. Tax benefits for claiming them?
Credit rehabilitation on student loan and large-ish decrease in credit score? (Two unrelated questions)
Just made last student loan payment. Paid off $25,000 in 18 Months.  Now what?
If state taxes are due 4/15, does that mean by EOD?
Already have 20K in traditional 401k. Should I explore shifting to a Roth for all future contributions?
What is my budget "supposed" to be?
Is your FICO score based on what is reported to the three CRAs?
Due to receive £10k at the end of the month as inheritance. What should I do with it? (UK)
Just got a promotion -- Is it time to move to a traditional IRA?
How can I help my parents with their mortgage? 
A little over $60k in student loans, some money saved up, what to do?
Rollover to IRA or 401k?
Where do you store your budgeted money?
Opening a Roth IRA with Vanguard.  How do I know what fund to select?
Mint recommended Folio investing. Anybody tried this site? How is it?
Would opening a checking account and subsequently closing it six months later hurt my credit score?
How should I go about my limited time income for a College Student?
What bills should a college student moving into an APT account for? and how much might they cost?
Had to pay some back tax from previous years; how should I account for it on this year's return?
Any downside to credit score by paying in full? (regarding credit cards)
Whole Life or Term Life Insurance?
Parent PLUS loan not dispersed? Any idea why?
Using KwikPay online with Federal Student Aid, I paid 2x the minimum for a couple months.  Now I have $0 due and it's not billing me for a month.  Anyone else had this?
I have defaulted on a car loan. What are my current options if I do not have the means to pay off debt?
Best/cheapest way to get my credit SCORE?
Rollover 401(k) into Roth or Traditional?
Wife and I combined accounts but it's not....working?
Screwed over by trusted family member. Is there anything I can do about it?
What kind of advice would you give to someone in his teens?
Frugal way to handle a car accident?
I've always had a basic Bank of America Student Platinum Plus CC that I used on everything. I've decided to find a new CC that will reward me for my purchases. Any advise?! Details inside.
I'm planning on buying a house a year from now. Assuming you knew nothing about me, what would you suggest I prepare with? (US)
Alright PF gurus... At what point in a relationship should you discuss your personal finances with your SO? 
What to do with credit cards?
Does closing your longest standing credit card account hurt your credit score?
What constitutes a hard or soft credit pull?
Pay debt or save?
Thinking of refinancing when I have a lump of cash. 
Best way to do it?
Student Loans and Payment Schedules - Should I pay off with a lump sum?
Asset Allocation - Bonds?
When did you start investing outside retirement accounts?
Should i close my zero balance credit card account?
My old HSA is leaking, what can I do about it?
What would be my best way to finance a home addition?
Can/should I refinance my auto loan for a lower APR even if my credit score is poor?
Traditional IRA contribution for 2012 - Not taking a deduction - should I report on my tax return?
Be worth a million dollars in 10 years?
Should I work towards paying off my car?
Chose 401k using a target age program to create portfolio and it enrolled me in too many funds?
When do you feel safe?  Mainly for those who grew up poor and now make decent dough
Becoming a full time landlord, good or bad idea?
Taking out a second car loan, is my bank trying to screw me over before the dealership can?
I am curious: I am estranged from my mother, but she was the cosigner on some of my loans. Is she able to know anything about my current loan status / is my paying back loans in any way affecting her credit score / finances?
Personal Finance Spreadsheet, Anyone have any good ones?
210k in the hole on student loans, advice, ideas, anything!?
GF has great FICO but no existing auto loan on her credit-Declined on auto loan without co-signer at CU.  Options? 
Thinking of applying for Chase Sapphire Preferred.  Can you advise if that's the best option for my lifestyle?
Am I a good candidate for bankruptcy?
Looking to start a Vanguard Roth IRA. Is there a minimum contribution limit?
Have I been throwing money away with a Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance policy used for retirement investments? (US)
How to split utility bills among housemates?
What is the best way to pay off debt to improve my credit?
Do all banks process debits in ascending order?
Should I pull from 401k to pay for school?
Will asking for a credit increase and being denied hurt my credit score?
Some would say to never carry two mortgages at once (one home, one rental), what is your opinion?
Close old savings account?
What should I know before opening a bank account?
Can anyone help me figure out the tax benefits/implications of renting out a room in my primary residence?
Anyone here use Cap Center to Refinance? 
Anyone familiar with Lending Club? 
Car Loan - Better to take out loan for whole thing then make large first payment? Or loan for part and use money in bank for rest?
Remodifying Loan Using National Legal Services -- Does This Seem Legit?
How bad is a $600 debt on my credit?
Is it worth it to try and get one credit card of each type (MC/Visa/AmEx/Discover)?
Credit karma says im in collections to someone but no details..??
Any suggestions on books for capital gains tax from the stock market, or great tax books in general?(CA)
Looks like I am in need of a new retirement plan, any suggestions? 
Roth 401k: Does this give me more bang for my company match?
What should my priorities be?
Want to max out my 2012 R-IRA, but it's about time to pay off some debts, best approach?
Cash out or Loan against 401k early to put towards buying a home?
Eviction Notice, No Money, Sell Car? Options.
What is your opinion on piggy-back mortgages?
A question on mortgage providers. Who to go to for a low credit score person?
Balancing investments, transportation, retirement: what am I doing wrong?
How to make the best of parents' whole life insurance?
How do I use a credit card to raise my credit? What do banks and lenders look for?
If i got defaulted by Capitol One, what are the chances of them giving me another credit card?
All Student Loans, or Some Investing?
What's Worse for a Prospective Renter - IRS Debt, or Credit Card Debt?
How do people find experimental research studies that pay you money?
Does anyone have an account with Lake Michigan Credit Union? 
Want to help my sister get out of her bad financial situation - who do I send her to?
Why do people judge me so much that my parents help with some bills?
Trying to figure out retirement, what are realistic Vanguard returns?
Is it possible to split X% of your Roth IRA and start a new Roth IRA account?
How do you divide your expenditure? (UK)
I'm looking for a good (free?) budgeting website or software.
Reward Credit Cards?
Could you give me some advice on my personal financial situation?
How do you sell your house to buy a new one without moving twice or refinancing?
How to CC companies know if you try to use balance transfer checks on your own account?
just married. should we open a joint checking account for groceries?
Do cash advances hurt your credit score?  Any other cash advance info appreciated...  Don't worry I have a good reason to be asking...
401k loan to pay off debt?
How do I find what's plaguing my credit score? (CA)
Does anyone have an account with Lake Michigan Credit Union?
How to save for retirement when you don't know where you'll retire?
How would you prepare for the job loss of your spouse?
Consequences of cancelling a credit card? (Canada)
Got a new secured CC to start rebuilding credit, advice for best practices?
Clawing out of debt and 401(k) advice?
What should I do with my IRA?
How many credit cards should a person have to build credit?
Credit Karma inaccurate?
Advantages/Disadvantages of ETF vs Admiral?
Wanting to take out a big loan for a post-graduation trip around Europe, will banks/CUs do this?
Pay off motorcycle or put a dent in my car loan?
Can you contribute to a traditional IRA and then immediately withdraw it tax-free if you are between 60 and 70?
How long to wait before you check your credit score?
Where should I invest my money? (Canada)
Chase Saphire?
What's the quickest way out of this hole? (CA/USA)
Stay On Lease Car Program Or Buy Out?
Need help is bankruptcy an option?
What is the best thing to invest in with $10,000?
if I died today, what will happen to my wife and daughter, financially?
What budgeting features (be it expense/income ratios, charts etc) do you find the most useful at helping you analyze your budget?
How do the home-owning tax advantages work?
Balance Transfer? [recent college grad]
Loans vs. Nest Egg...keep saving or start chipping away?
Employer not allowing disbursement from 403b?
From a financial perspective, what would happen if my parents died?
Is this illegal in any way, or just unfair?
SSIFX, SWISX, or DIISX for international markets tracking? (xpost investing)
Need help choosing a health insurance plan: HDHP OR PPO?
Has anyone here ever had a bad experience with a financial advisor?
How important is the expense ratio of a fund as an indicator to invest in it or not?
bankruptcy for my wife only?
Are CC companies willing to change terms?

Should I apply for a second card?
Long Term Disability Insurance?
Using a secured loan to build credit for new citizen.  How much, how long?
Do any of you have 401k's with T. Rowe Price use tradelink?
Drop retirement contributions to save for investment property?
Do you treat yourself when you get an expected bonus?
i have $400 left over monthly. savings vs investments?
Dad sent money to my *closed* WF account, transaction says completed. Help?
Grad school next year, Roth IRA or elsewhere?
What to do with extra money?
Can/should I refinance my auto-loan? Credit score increased from 619 to 669 since I took out the loan.
Reddit, I'm out of work, seemingly out of options, and in too much debt to handle. What should I do?
Getting some money from the government, what should I do with it?
For those of you in double income households, do you withhold all taxes on the highest income and take no taxes out of the lowest? Or do you withhold taxes on both incomes?
25, about to get a windfall. Pay off 0% interest credit card, or save?
Cross post from /r/frugal - Living in the UK, found out my employment agency are screwing me out of £2.5k net a year through calculated deception and probably some outright lies - any advice out there at all please? Saga inside.
Trying to get a copy of my credit score online, it looks like my identity may have been stolen? What do I do? 
When do you start talking aout money/finance in a relationship ?
When you consider the substantial risk involved, is mint.com worth it? Why? (CA)
125k in defaulted private student loans for the last 5 years. Just now getting a "decent' job; now what?
Lost quite a bit on stocks last year, how do I apply that towards taxes from last year?
If I have a good FICO score, can I push one of my credit card providers to lower their APR?
Buying a house soon; what sort of post-move-in expenses should I anticipate?
Cashing in on pension fund to pay off debt?
Recently turned 18. Should I get a credit card to build up my credit?
Do I include my employer match in the amount that I am saving?
Buying Car - Financing fees?
SWISX or UMBWX? (investing xpost)
Account for severance in emergency fund planning?
Does anyone use brokerage firms outside of the major names (I.E. vanguard, fidelity, scottrade, etc.)?
Videos or online courses?
How do you count your rental deposits in finances?
403b v. 457b?
Charge-off account on my credit report. Help?!
I'm a Canadian working in the US.  How the @#$!% do I pay taxes?
How do you get banks to send you prequalified credit card offers?
Start paying off student loans aggressively when I graduate? Or pay minimum payments knowing I will have the money to pay off the loans 3 years after I graduate?
Has anyone use Roth IRA to pay for college cost? Can this be used for housing?
I am a US citizen who hasn't been in the US for over 20 years (when I was 5 years old). Do i have to pay taxes?
Denied auto loan, what now?
Use my daughter's 529 plan for myself, or leave it be and take on my own student loans?
Can someone explain to me how to set up a bank account, file taxes, and when to use credit/debit cards? More details inside.
My job is requiring me to get an iPhone, can I start writing my phone bill off as a work expense?
Where exactly should I invest my money to benefit from compounding interest?
Lease or buy, what should I do? 
Paid off 2 loans early, credit score drops 10 pts.  Wtf???
What should I link to Fidelity Amex? Newbie to the card and investing in general.
I'm a US citizen on study permit in Canada with spouse and dependents.  How the @$&amp;#&amp; do *I* pay taxes ?
Is it a bad idea for me to pay off my student loans quickly?
Question about Settling debt - What is the lowest percentage that creditors will typically settle for if you have no income/assets, bad credit, and a lot of debt? (x-post from /r/financialindependence)
I think I'm screwed out of 100k. what can I do? (AU)
My credit score. Any good?
What is the Financial equivalent of "Getting Things Done" (the GTD system)?
For the first time in my life I'm going to have a job, what should I do? More info inside. 
These are all the ways the IRS says I can generate income. Am I missing anything? 
33 and self employed wanting to open Roth IRA.  Which fund to pick?!?
How do you separate and track different savings efforts?
Pay off auto insurance totally or pay monthly? 
I recently received a credit card debt consolidation offer (personal loan) from Discover, and am seriously considering it. Could somebody educate me as to the pros and the cons?
Anyone able to consolidate their private student loans? 
Lower than normal income last year?  Consider switching your IRA to a ROTH-IRA
Does anyone have the Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) Credit Card from American Express?
How do I get a (private) student loan?
What's the deal with private company stock options?
So I got a temporary credit limit increase on one of my credit cards in November and it's expiring in May unless I spend $X. Should I to keep the higher limit?
Thinking of stretching the budget for a bigger house.  What are your thoughts?
Went through old bank statements. Here's my financial history since high school. Can I buy a house after graduation from university?
Best website to obtain FICO score from big three?
Coming into about 3 grand this summer, suggestions on how to invest?
If you found $50k, what would you do with it?
Starting a Traditional IRA - How to fund?
Frustrated by the 'correct order' to be doing things, AKA How thin can I cut our Emergency Fund?
Don't like my CC company, is it bad for my credit to switch to a new CC and close the old one?
For a victim of identity theft and SSN fraud, what is the best identity theft protection service? Also, advise, insights and help needed!
I have a really bad credit history. I have no friends or family with good credit to cosign with me. How do I rebuild credit?
Stories from people who have done everything reasonably right and still come up empty?
Assistance needed with a personal finance plan.  I am fresh out of college making 100k and would begin investing and pay off my student loans, please help?
Do I need health insurance? (x-post /r/insurance)
How the heck can loan companies screw you on late payments when you're on an autodebit system? All this stuff just feels like such a scam
I'm about to file my taxes online, comparing Turbo Tax &amp; HR Block. Both have tiered options for a free version or a paid tier to maximize your refund. How big of a difference will it make in my return if I go with the paid version and is there any way I can estimate if it will be worth it?
Are we all just drinking the Kool Aid?
I've never owned a credit card before, what should I look for?
I'm 6 months pregnant, and I need to make new living arrangements. I don't have a job. Will they hire me even though I'm obviously pregnant? 
Should I wait to apply for a home loan?
How likely is Cyprus's situation happen in the U.S.?
Good Tutorial for Double-entry Accounting System Methods and Basic?
How to make the most of my time in China?
Has anyone done peer to peer lending investments?
Broke my lease, got a "bill", asked for explanation, got silence. What do?
How should I distribute my earnings from selling my house? Debt/Investing/Saving for next down payment
How do credit cards work in terms of timing? Should I not use it towards the end of the month if I want to avoid interest?
Is it worth paying $1865 to repair a car only worth about $4500 in working order?
What do you guys use to buy and sell stock?
Should I take advantage of Loan Forgiveness for Public Service Employees?
Might get a big pile of money in the next few years. Always been bad with money. How do I stop myself from blowing it? (Canada)
Sister asked if I would be willing to co-sign a mortgage loan in the next year or so. How hard will it be for me to get a loan for myself in the future?
What Vanguard funds should I be investing my Roth IRA in?
Is it beneficial to open two secured credit card accounts?
I have a 3 year medical residency in MI, but am a resident of IL. Should I change my residence to MI to avoid extra state taxes?
Frequent traveler - Are Frequent Flyer cards even worth it?
Moving to the Philippines (I have 0 debt), should I apply for a new, more international friendly credit card?
Why does Visa keep my card open?  I can't be good for business.
Is there any options for us to get a home loan?
Target date fund in regular investment account - did I make a mistake? (also typical 401k question)
$46,000 over 2 years... best Credit Card?
What loan rate will allow you to break even against inflation?
I am a US government employee who is about to get furloughed... how do I handle this?
Roth IRA CD's?
Total noob about IRAs. Want to open a traditional one. Has to be before 4/15. Who should I go through? Any tips welcome. 
Why is it so difficult to transfer my Roth Ira with Capital One 360 (that have never been invested) to Vanguard?
Fixed income in tax-advantaged accounts, equities in brokerage?
Can someone explain to me the benefits of IRA/401k with early retirement?
Brother moved to the US, struggling to get by with (to me) a large salary, is he paying more than he needs to?
Family of 5 with over $75,000 revolving debt. What do I do?
Emergency Fund as Roth IRA Contributions?
Graduated college, 2 years as a staff accountant, enrolling in a 401K and considering investment options for personal savings.  Advice?
How are student loan payments determined?
Income-based student loan repayment: will a spouse's assets increase repayment rate?
I'm in my twenties and lost all my money.  How do I restart?
Anyone with experience in VA loan refinance?
Alternatives to balance transfers?
Credit cards &amp; student loans about to go into collections.  What to do know?
Just got first rewards CC card. Should I try for a pre-approval on a FHA loan?
Best strategies for getting rid of non-running car?
Moving to Boston with new wife for 45k/year job. Any advice? 
I underpaid in taxes in 2012. Should I pay the taxes I owe or try to lower my AGI with an IRA/401k?
Any advice for starting a vanguard college or savings fund for my soon to be born child?
I have an interview for a job at Fidelity tomorrow. What should I ask?
http://i.imgur.com/C9L6Pkl.jpg.  Can anyone beat me??
Went on a trip, forgot about 18.82 on one credit card I used in NZ. Went delinquent for greater than 30 days but less than 60. Will this get reported as delinquent?
NorCal Housing Market -- Should we buy?
What to do after you max out 401k and do a 5k ROTH conversion to an IRA?
I got a job at a foreign government embassy in the US, I have no clue how to file taxes or even if I have to?
Cash EE bond(s) and put into a CD?
Suggestions for free business checking?
Is there a downside to having money across multiple credit unions?
What's the best use of cash that I will need in 4-5 yrs for a house?
Should we refinance?
Transfer rollover IRA to new company's no-match 401(k) or Roth IRA?
How should I submit my taxes if I am a couple years behind?
Lending Club:  How do I really see my account's value?
Want to go back to Collage seems like it harder then it should what am I missing?
How much value is there to saving/investing money if I am a PhD student expecting dramatic increases in my salary?
A broker from Northwestern Mutual is trying to sell me disability insurance? Is it worth it?
How should I go about requesting my credit score? (CA)
Do I even know how screwed I may be?
Best way to invest for retirement if you file taxes married but separate?
I think it is time for me to move out, but is it financially feasible?
Marriage Money Stress: Book Recommendations?
How to invest $ not in Roth IRA?
How much to charge to rent out my spare room?
What is the impact of closing a credit card with a high limit on your credit?
Should I pay off my car this month ($2000 left at 5.65%), or put down on my credit card ($7k at 14.9% interest)?  
Should I take my company's 401k? 1% Match up to 4% of annual salary. Employee contribute up to 25% of annual salary.
Do you use an accountant? Why or why not?
New to USA with no credit history but a credit score of 770. Which credit card can/should i get?
Tax question... I put 0 dependents/deductions/single filer on my tax sheet for work (USA).  Its tax time and it says I owe money.... How is that possible?
Turbo Tax is asking me if I want to set up an IRA. Should I do it?
Help me get out of collections hell?
Filing taxes: Is it ok to post negative net income under self-employment for multiple years in a row?
Any advice for planning out the next year or so (graduate student)? (x-post from /r/financialplanning)
What should I do with my tax refund?
Excellent credit, little debt, some cash on hand.  I'm a veteran and can get a 30 year VA mortgage @ 3.125% for 0 down and my credit union won't even make me get PMI.  But I'm nervous about buying a house.  Should I?
Should I go with a Internet Savings or Money Market account?
Is there a convenient formula for determining if your disposable income is high enough to afford a rental property?  Is there a way to determine the price range of houses I should be looking at for investment?
Student Loan payments or investments?
/r/pf, where do you go for levelheaded/evenhanded coverage of the economy and financial markets?
Credit Report Question: If an account goes to collections, does the original account and the collection account count twice?
I am a freelancer that is being offered a full-time position w/benefits.  How much salary should I ask for?
What do I do with my tuition statement-Form 1098-T?
Long-term girlfriend (possibly wife soon) has 100k in student loans. I have zero debt. Advice?
Is is better to have $0 debt and a small savings, or some reasonable debt and a larger savings?
Am I being too conservative? (if there is such a thing)
When do you make your 2013 backdoor roth contribution?
Secured credit cards, benefits outweigh tying up assets?
[US] Sorry, taxes question. Health bills + COBRA?
How can I start with having a good credit score and building a savings?
I have no debt, one CC w/ great rating. Is it okay to open multiple cards at retailers without affecting credit?
Can you guys analyze my budget and situation? It's unbalanced and I need to fix it.
What questions should I ask before considering acquiring equity in a business? [sorry if wrong sub]
Did my uncle get scammed into a Ponzi scheme?
Is there any way out of my problem?
Do I have to report real estate purchased to the IRS?
How do we determine our monthly "play money?"
Getting married, how might it affect my ability to get a mortgage? 
Do services like "Bill Me Later" affect credit?
Joint account ?
I am a freshman in college and have learned that I am absolutely terrible at managing my money. What are some good budgeting and savings tips?
Best option for new vehicle purchase?
Where to invest in a Guardianship Trust if you don't want to be in the Stock Market?
Is it worth leasing a car through this employee-family deal I have available?
How much of an emergency fund should I keep? (UK)
Recently became unemployed. What can I take advantage of to help me get back on my feet?
I'm in debt over my head and I'm about to lose my home. I want to file Chapter 13 Bankruptcy but I'm unsure as to the process. Has anyone gotten out of debt by way of Chapter 13 and if so what was the process like?
Mother Wants To Use My Name and Credit to Buy a House.  She will pay down payment and mortgage.  Advice?
I want to start responsibly planning my personal finances. I'm 17 and preparing to graduate high school. Any help?
Help a 19 year old out with his Roth IRA?
Pay off CC Debt or keep emergency fund?
Car lease is up on May 1, at which point I'd like to buy out the car. How soon should I begin looking for financing?
Applying for a new credit card; cancel current one first?
How do Student Loans play into DTI Ratio?
Quick checkup on if I'm doing it ok?
Quick question: Do I need to notify my bank if I'm supposed to receive a large international wire transfer ($200k)?
I have $20,000 in a savings account. What should I do with it?
I'm 21 years old and getting my first credit card. What should i get?
Are there any negative impacts to having TOO MANY ACH transfers? 
False charge on my debit card with Sovereign/Santander - anyone else have any experience with this?
Upside down house, saving to refinance.  How hard should I fight PMI?
Should I get a credit card at this point?
How does one get started in investing into the stock market?
Thinking about withdrawing my Roth IRA to go on a trip before I start my career. How dumb am I?
What Horace Mann retirement account should my partner get?
Should I pay off my car loan early, strictly from a credit improvement standpoint?
Each credit agency has old or missing info about me?
Attempt to pull credit report is blocked by a "fake" mortgage and auto loan that I most definitely do not have, is my identity stolen?
Tax guy or turbo tax type program?
Student loan glitch?
How to proceed if collections agency doesn't respond to debt validation letter?
Is moving right now a terrible idea? (UK)
What's the consensus on the sweet spot for car age?
Oil Company is ignoring my contact? How to get my balance back.
Is this something you would take advantage of if it was available?
Should I contribute to my 401K if my company doesn't match?
What is the lowest rate installment loan I can possibly get that will improve my credit score?
What is a good first credit card?
Safe but worthwhile investment for $3000 during two year masters program? [Canada]
My wife and I are about to sit down for the first time and go over finances/goals/opinions for the first time.  What are some questions we should ask each other?
What kinds of financial goals do you have besides retirement, debt, car, college, and vacations?
Suggestions to save money / increase income / etc? (Ontario, Canada)
Finally able to start tackling debt, what's the best method to see what I need to pay?
Do I pay off my 0% interest rate card?
Best retirement options besides savings going to a 401k?
Does it make sense for me to transfer my IRA from Scottrade to Vanguard?
$7k Tax Return: What debt to pay off?
Getting married in April 2014 - Which credit card has the best cashback (or airline miles program)?
Specific advise, how to roll over a dws traditional ira?
Wells Fargo wants to raise my mortgage payment 240 bucks. WTF?
I have an HSA with a high deductible health plan (HDHP).  How am I supposed to "shop around" for medical care when nobody will tell you what the price is until after you've gotten it?  Is there a website that offers medical price comparisons?
Made alot of money off of cryptocurrency, how do I declare it?
What should I do with my money?
Taking over a Scion FRS Lease. Advice for a first timer? (CA)
I have had a secured card for 2 months.  How long should I wait until applying for new credit cards?
Should I pay more than the minimum each month on my student loans?
I'm opening a Roth IRA at Vanguard. Is there any point to making 2012 contributions if I've already filed my 2012 taxes?
On my Chase Freedom card, I have a total credit limit of $1000 and available credit of $817. Should I be keeping my utilization less than or equal to the total credit amount or the available credit amount?
My 2012 taxes are done, can I still contribute to Roth IRA?
My Chase Freedom card has total credit of $1000 and available credit of $817. Should my credit utilization of less than or equal to 30% be of my total credit or available credit?
What method do you use to split up expenses with your SO with a different income level?
Short term goals for a young couple?
How do I convince my 16 year old sister not to buy a $14,000 car?
Consolidating loans - does it hurt my credit score?
Drunkenly opened an IRA and then noticed my mistake the next day and closed it. What forms do I need to fill out on my taxes?
I was gifted a decent sum of money invested in a mutual fund. If I want to withdraw a some money from that account, would I need to report this on my 2013 tax return?
Young and married, how should we invest for our future?
Which compound interest calculator?
To pay off my mortgage or not?
Starting a new job, How do I save money?
Is it wrong to view investment gains as "savings" ??
Gross up -- how to check if it was calculated correctly?
Started working at this place that offers a matching 401k even for part-time/seasonal employees... am I interpreting this right?
If my company 'garnishes' my wages to pay on a company account, what effect will that have on taxable income?
How much do I need to make to live independently and afford all of my expenses?
What should a 22-year-old be doing financially to prepare for the future?
I don't know how to budget my finances... help?
Should I move out from my parents?
Very uninformed about how savings bonds work. Suggestions/help?
Investment strategies with Roth IRAs, a Traditional IRA, and private investments.  What is best?
What is the risk involved with Roth IRA?
Should I max out 2012 Roth IRA?
What is the best course of action for my live-in girlfriend in the event of my death?
Am I am in the right position to buy a new car?
Is it worth doing anything short-term with my money?
Is it worth building credit in the United States as a Canadian? How should I best do this?
Credit Card company keeps asking me to apply for a limit raise, any reason not to?
When to pay taxes on a backdoor roth conversion?
Payroll Deduction Question: Ask HR or ADP ? (US) 
Any of you guys have the Sallie Mae World MasterCard?
Condo vs apartment? Opinions
Stock market advice for beginners?
Personal Finance Courses ?
How should I pay for Grad School?
Not paying down student loans as fast as possible to buy a rental property:  Stupid, wise, or somewhere in between?
How do I make a late contribution to my 2012 Roth IRA? Do I need to amend my tax return?
93k a year, yet still just above break-even with almost zero debt? What am I doing wrong or not seeing??
We got a letter in the mail about the 2013 Student Loan Reform Act. It mentions loan forgiveness for students with over $50k in debt. Is this a scam or something that I should pursue? 
Looking to buy a house and im wondering if I can use/borrow from my 401k. Is that an option? How do I get the process started?
Emergency Fund???
r/investing didn't help me much. 21 y/o student soon to receive $10,000. What to do?
University grad moving home to save money for grad school/student loans. Advice on savings accounts/credit cards?
29. Just got laid off and taking a break to travel abroad.  What should I do with my money in the mean time? And should I draw unemployment?
I am a 28 year old college grad recently laid off with little job prospects and mounting debt, should I consider bankruptcy?
How can I save $ on my car insurance policy? (Details inside)
Brokerage Accounts: Charles Schwab, Fidelity, or something else?
Is $125 a month in car insurance for a 19 year old college student, with a 2005 Ford Focus too much? This is with Geiko btw. 
My simple budget - am I okay?
Calculating budget with Child Support (%'s based off of monthly income)?
Small credit card balance written off by cc company due to inactivity. I didn't realize there was a balance since I stopped using it. What can I do to avoid a negative credit history? Anything?
Experience with deferred compensation? What priority should it get in terms of retirement options.
How (and Whether?) to Save for a House?

Delays after delays in fixing a mixed credit report - we have a signed contract - what can we do to expedite the repair?
The best way to make an inexpensive will and last testament?
Opening new credit cards for rewards?
Recently declared Chapter 7, can I still apply for and get FINAID from the US Government? 
Is an email of the debt I owe valid?
Indian citizen in the US, 30, no debt, married.  Any reason to pick roth over 401k?
Any consensus on whether to pay down student loans quickly?
An account that I never knew I had was sent to collections. What can be done?
Where did you learn your good and bad personal finance habits from?
I have a 401(k) set up through my employer and contribute 6% of my pay to it, do I gain any benefit from putting away $5,000 to a separate Roth IRA before the deadline for 2012?
Should I use my savings to pay off my car?
What's the benefit of a Traditional IRA if you're not eligible for deductions?
Are we STUCK with a car loan? Please help us.
What would /r/PF do if they hit the Powerball?
For the first time Im considering a Condo what type of loan should i get?
Looking to buy a house in the US to rent out.. Advice?
Ally Bank returned an international wire transfer to my account incorrectly - what recourse do I have?
Should the 3% that's going to be matched by my employer be in ROTH or pre-tax?
Noticeable spending habits after being debt free?
I have 3x as much money invested in my children's college fund than I have in tangible cash. Am I doing this right?
Help snipping more fat from my already tight budget? 
How many of you have though about Bankruptcy? 
Planning a trip - should I finance everything with my credit card?
(US) Anyone else feel that 10x your yearly income for life insurance is too much?
I am trying to learn budgeting/finance, but all it leads to is a panic. How can I ever be financially stable?
Mint Budgeting: What types of expenses to roll-over to next month?
Can I go to a bank and ask them to review my credit history?
do tax advisors have an obligation to report the suspected tax fraud of one of their clients?
What's the best bank with the highest interest savings?
Company went private years ago and I did not tender shares, what now?
What's a "reasonable" amount of student debt for an undergrad to have?
Trying to figure out when to start a Roth IRA (US); or use it for wedding expenses?
How do I start building my credit in college?
Student loans: where should I begin to look for them? A bank or credit union?
Advice in paying down private student loans: between two lenders, what is my best option interest wise?
What happens to my money if any of these online discount brokers (e.g. Quest Trade) go bust? (Canada)
How fast will my credit go up if I pay my credit card debt off all at once? Is this a good idea?
(US) Federal refund seems smaller this year, despite no drastic change to income, exemptions, deductions, etc. Is this "about right" for 2012?
Anybody else feel like they are drowning in a high cost of living region?
Upgrade to new home or pay off debts? Bonus payments coming, and not sure how to best use it. 
anyone know about student loan consolidation/re-financing?
Transferring IRA from Scottrade to Vanguard, will this affect my credit at all?
What is your opinion of the "4% rule?"
What should I do with my first check?
How do I make my excess scholarships money grow?
As a foreign moving soon to the USA, could you please help me to understand your banking system ?
I just received a tax notice from the US. I'm not in the US. What do I do with it? [details inside]
How do you budget for auto repair/maintenance?
Where should I park my newborn son's money?
Why do I need to claim dependents on my taxes if I don't have any?
Roth IRA - advice on contributing if I am possibly going to need the money soon?
funding college for disabled child?
Moving to one income. Should I pay off student loans?
How many deductions to take on a W-4?
Switching jobs, what to do with old 401k?
What to do with my insanely poor credit score due to 3000 in medical bills sent to collections?
What words of advice would you give people that are about to receive a credit card and have never had one before?
Opened a Roth IRA with Vanguard a few weeks ago, maxed out 2012 contribution and contributing towards 2013 -- everything in Vanguard Target Retirement 2055 Fund (VFFVX) -- Did I make the right choice?
Bank of America gave me a credit line increase without me asking for it?
Would it benefit me to take student loans, or pay tuition out of savings now? Details included.
Is it crazy to keep a six month emergency fund while we have $70k in student loans outstanding?
Update: Is my company's 401k charging me too much?
When news outlets say "the stock market ended [up/down] as a result of investors reacting to X," where do they get "X"?
About to buy a home - Homeowners Insurance - What to look for?
Is anyone familiar with the MPH degree? I'm enrolling this fall and could use some advice about loans
Is a Master's degree in personal financial planning worth it?
Why can't I save? What's wrong with me.. 
Why buy bond ETFs?
How to make/save at least 100K in the next 3 years?
Credit Report Options?
Opened a new credit card, and my auto insurance premiums went up? [US]
About to have a kid, raid emergency fund for student loans?
I recently started using Mint.com from some comments I read here. Is there any additional advice you can give me?
Overtime may push me over lower Roth limit; what happens if I over contribute?
Inheritance:  save it or pay it all off? (USA)
Experience with crazy high 403(b) fees? What is the meaning of this?
25yo, just found out I have $1400 in savings bonds, not a huge decision but what should I do?
Am I Doing OK?
Becoming a Real Adult In 2 Months....How Do I Do It?
Minor child's savings bonds- what do?
Low fee investment to supplement my IRA?
Rule of thumb for percentage of gross income dedicated to rent?
Life Insurance at a healthy young age?
Why would you build up an emergency fund before paying down a credit card?
I just found a bunch of U.S. Treasury Bonds? What do I do next.
My friend just bought a car with a loan through a dealership, and she tells me that there is no benefit to paying it off early as she will have to pay the full (~5 years) worth of interest regardless. This made absolutely no sense to me -- is it typical?
Can I fund my Roth 401k before my Roth IRA because I suck at saving?
Budgeting for those who can't budget? (CA)
Awesome sister offered to lend us $50K for a new home down payment. Or I can rent and get a bigger place for my family of 5. What should I do?
Getting my (financial) life together. Suggestions? [long]
Noob question.How does vanguard charge fees??
Does anyone have experience with 401(a)? (Government position)  Roth IRA question as well.
Will doing this improve or damage my credit score?
Would I need to file a 1099 misc form for paying rent on a commercial space that I'm using for profit?
Collection agency is repeatedly calling me looking for someone else - what to do?
Pay off car loan with credit card?
Qualifying for a small recreational loan with no credit?
Taxes are done, huge windfall over 2MM. What do I do now?
I am going to receive no financial aid for college because my parents make too much, and they have already made it clear that I'm going to be on my own to pay for it. Should I divorce my parents so it appears that I get nothing and therefore get aid?
What do you think about pet insurance?
Which bank should I go with? Should I open a checking account with any bank?
Company does not offer matching contributions. Should I roll-over to a Roth IRA?
How much debt is college worth?
Have a job, in college, and no expenses other than gas and food. What do I do?
Does my corporate credit card help my credit?
Best First Credit Card?
Where to put medium-term (5-ish years) savings?
Should I divorce my parents so I get financial aid for college?
I e-filed my 2012 tax return already but I am thinking about contributing to my Roth before the deadline. Should I file an amendment?
Owe $18k to university, but NOT in student loans. I'm broke. What are my options?
Open a Roth IRA now, start work in June. Can I do this?
Open a Roth IRA now, graduate in May, start work in June. Can I do this?
Auto Loan - Have enough to pay off right now. Pay it off? or keep it 6 months? 12 months? to increase credit?
Is contributing to a traditional IRA useless if you make too much money to write it off?
How much debt for a Cambridge degree? (EU)
34.. Zero Debt. Zero Savings. House?
Moving 401k?
Health FSA money: gone forever ???
Credit Unions- what do I need to know?  (USA)
What should I do with some inheritance? (US)
Is there a way to change top level categories in Mint?
What's your financial story in 6 words?
My mother claimed me as a dependent on her income taxes. How does this affect me?
Owed just over 1k in Federal Income Tax in 2012, already paid the IRS, had no 401k/IRA contributions. Would making a traditional IRA contribution help offset the owed taxes?
Single person. 48k salary...what should I be spending?
Too late to rollover traditional IRA to a Roth for 2012?
Know Any Cool Personal Finance Calculators?
Has anyone here adjusted their W-4 to pay 0 tax, then settled up at tax time?
Is my paycheck significant lower than it should be?
Student loans help please: federal loan or bank?
What does /r/personalfinance think of rent share for roommates?
Noob Here. Can someone advice me on the funds that my company 401k has to offer?
Unexpected Tax Return $$$ (What should I do with it?)
Life after bankruptcy...reddit, what tips do you have in regards to building credit after bankruptcy?
Student Loans - to refinance or not to refinance?
I'm an independent student and I have about $280k in capital. How do I get through college and grad school?
Looking to start my Roth IRA with Vanguard. Which funds?
How are personal lines of credit from a credit union or bank reported?
How would I begin an art collection?
I'm a first year teacher in AZ struggling to pay monthly IBR student loan payments, help?
New job offer after graduation, budget help?
200k cash: Invest, Morgage, or both?
Squeezing the budget not cutting it, how can I keep my debt holders out of the red?
Can a foreigner open a Vanguard account? (I don't live in the US, but I have a US bank account)
PA Tax Question. I'm getting a refund and I noticed the line " Credit towards your 2013 estimated account". Why would anyone do this?
Denied for my first credit card, what now?
Where do I go next?
Should I use a credit card that has 9 months of 0% interest to keep from draining my emergency fund?
New to budgeting... Starting off with YNAB?
Early career girl. What should I do with my 401(k)s?
Save more? Pay extra? Hide money in the freezer? What should I do?
Can't advance from electric orange card at US Bank?
About data on pay statement (ADP) - is it downloadable ?
Help with investing?
Huge Medical Bill in Collections, What Are My Options?
401(k) Choices: Target Retirement vs Three-Fund Portfolio?
Withdrawing rolled over Roth 401k funds from Roth IRA for down payment?
23 y.o. considering getting my first Credit Card. Any advice?
Keep saving for emergency fund or pay off rest of my debt?
Would switching to IBR on my Stafford loans allow me to pay them off faster?
Decent amount of money in savings with stable career -- should I max out my Roth IRA contributions for 2012?
I am a college senior who made about $12000 in my summer internship; what am I required to do by April 15th?
Has anyone who has leased a car sold it at lease end to a private seller for profit?
You're 40 and come in to $1M after taxes: what do you do?
I have 2 000 USD in cash. What should I do with it? (20/M Sweden)
Received Interest Statement AFTER filing - What now?
How to maximize being a grad student? (If that's possible...)
My previous employer wants to move all my 457(b) investments into a target retirement fund. What do?
What are the T.O.S/chances I can fiance a car and what insurance do I need?
How do I get written confirmation from the Social Security Administration verifying my Social Security number?
NYC real estate investment- is it worth it?
What does "cost of living" actually mean?
First Credit Card- Which one am I guaranteed to be approved for?
Better to start 401(k) or pay off student loans?
In highschool 500$ to invest. Should I put it all in vanguard?
Budgeting problem or motivation problem?
I defaulted on a loan, should I pay it off in full right now?
Why do people use accounting software?
Best time to buy a house?
I'm 17 years old and have a large sum of money nobody knows about, what do I do?
How do you handle finances on a commission-based salary?
My salary is about to increase significantly, but I have a lot of student debt. Should I focus on debt repayment or try to invest as well?
Leverage my money to get a loan vs paid in full with cash upfront. What's more favorable and why?
Should I use my extremely generous IRA match towards a home purchase?
Buying Bitcoins, how crazy or risky is this?
Have not been withholding so far this year, how can I avoid a penalty?
Are there circumstances under which credit card companies can see what I have in my bank account?
Is your social security number safe?
Federal Direct Loan keeps going into Administrative Forbearance. How do I ensure continued payment to prevent interest?
Dental insurance - DMO vs normal insurance?
Small Collections Debt - How to proceed?
Should I get a balance transfer card?
What does this thing in Vanguard mean and do I have to do anything about it?
Questions about getting a private mortgage from my parents. Anyone ever done this?
What should I do with my savings? (SE)
Is a secured credit card with low limit ($300-400) worth it?
Advice - Small portfolio of individual stocks, can i do better?
Better to invest in any IRA now to meet tax deadline, or do more research?
Interest on auto loan if I make payments in advance?
Website that provides index fund advice?
Interest on auto loan if I make payments in advance?
Use my personal IRA for Graduate School?
I am a student whose university tuition and accommodation etc are all covered and planned for. I have £2000 in a current account and £5000 in a savings account earning almost no interest. Is there anything sensible I could do with that £5000? (UK)
Negotiating Salary in Silicon Valley - what can I add to my compensation plan?
Tax day is April 15th. Do I still have time to open a new Roth IRA and contribute (max it out) for 2012, or is it too late?
Paid PhD program or stay in field at current education level?
How bad am I going to be screwed?
I built up a good chunk of credit card debt and a few of my accounts went delinquent. I got offered a loan that would essentially pay off the vast majority of my cards and debt. Should I take it?
How will switching jobs affect my ability to get a mortgage?
When I turned 18 my grandfather gave me a fund. Can someone educate me on it?
Is it a good idea to count on mortgage interest deduction from your AGI (and hence the lower tax bill) when determining how much house you can afford?
I'm saving for a large down payment on a house. Where should I put my savings for about 10-12 months?
Is $600 too much to pay for tax prep?
My father has a horrible financial history. We have the same name and my credit score may be intertwined with his. How do I figure out what's going on?
I recently turned 18, and I want to open my first bank account. Help?
My mother turns 62 this year, and I just found out that she has $0 invested towards retirement. What should she do?
How to improve credit when I don't need credit?
Could we put http://unbury.me in the sidebar?
What is "optional election" on my ADP 401k account on Mint and why do I have money in it?
The top post in the 62 year old mother thread scared the bejesus out of me. I'm 26 and have made absolutely no retirement plans of any kind. My employer doesn't offer any kind of 401k, where do I get started?
Can I rollover my Roth 401(k) to a Roth IRA even if I'm still employed?
I have a lot of money saved up, how do I know how much I need to retire?
How many of you have had that uncomfortable talk with your parents?
How much money should I have "leftover" every month after bills/discretionary spending/mortgage are paid?
Social Security question: do I lose money on benefits vs what I've paid into it?
Tax advantages of North Carolina 529 plan. Do I get a larger tax deduction for multiple accounts?
Roth IRA while having student loans?
Small business owner here, finally in a spot to do some retirement investing, advice?
Poll: How much debt do you have - excluding your mortgage?
Update: Is an email of the debt I owe valid?
Early 20's, already messing up, lost job offer due to credit report...care to give me a few pointers?(Student Loan Debt)
What's your one financial weakness /r/pf?
Reddit, How do you feel about Primerica?
Excess Roth IRA contributions - how to handle?
Will I get my scholarship taxed?
Best Way to Pay Debts?
Roth 401K vs. Roth IRA vs. Brokerage Account?
I'm young and frugal. What should I do with my money?
Junior in High School, is now the time to learn?
Turbo Tax software telling me to prepay for estimated taxes owed for next year or be penalized?
Should I move my E*Trade Roth IRA into a new Thrift Savings Plan Roth IRA? Do I need to sell my investments in order to do that?
When should you invest in a TFSA instead of RRSP and vise versa?
Could you review my financial plan and offer any feedback?
Help diversifying 401k?
Owe taxes this year - should I open an IRA?
Traditional vs roth - which or both?
Why is a stagnant median income bad?
I had a 0% APR CC with a balance of $5000 -- I just paid off $2000. ($3000 left) ---- assuming apr is 18% how much will I owe on the first billing period?
I just started a job that could net me upwards of $100k cash in the next couple of years, if I'm careful. I know nothing of investing, what should I do?
Is it a good idea to sell out my company stock options to fund my Roth IRA?
$12,500 sitting in an HSA account earning 0.05% interest (~$0.50 per month) &amp; $2/mo fee. Can someone suggest options?
The company I work for went out of business, and came back as an LLC, can I rollover my 401k?
Already pre-approved for Chase Sapphire Preferred should I apply? Consider co-op/condo purchase in the next couple of years
Business owners - How do I prepare myself to buy a business in the next 10-20 years?
What to do with $2,000 that I will need to access exactly one year from now?
Taxes: Can I file for deductions for music instrument purchases made to voluntarily play at my church?
How do I get Mint.com to make reimbursements subtract from my monthly spend in a budget?
Question: Those of you who had your tax refund direct deposited this year, how long did it take?
Converting pre-tax 401k to Traditional IRA, then convert to Roth IRA over multiple years to ease tax burden?
30/m, Student Loans reamining $6,034 Should I outright pay off the balance or whittle it down?
I'm about to put 10k cash in a safety deposit box. Is there a better way I can store this money without effecting student loans?
Is mint.com safe to use?
Wife started a new job and we are 4 weeks pregnant. Should we sign up for temporary disability insurance?
I'm 21, no debt, never went to college, earning about 28k a month. How can I break free from poverty?
What is a decent/good savings goal?
Enlisting in the Air Force, take the 10k for student loans or GI Bill?
I'm 21, no debt, never went to college, earn 28k a year. How do I break free from poverty?
Is the backdoor Roth IRA here to stay?
Mobile home instead of renting?
Complicated, multifaceted problem: Trying to rollover my 401k to an account that will allow me to use it as a down payment on a personal residence. Can I use a self-directed IRA and LLC to avoid paying taxes?
As a Student studying in the US.. what are the benefits out there that any student should enroll/take advantage of?
My parents will likely not be able to keep paying their mortgage in a couple months. What are my/their options?
Help budgeting and properly spending a tax return check?
Does anyone here have experience with Buy Here/Pay Here financing on cars?
Parents approaching retirement: how to fix this asset allocation?
21 years old, I have $8k spread between a Brokerage Money Market and a checking account. Thinking about opening a savings account?
Looking for input on my finances, mainly, when to pay off student loan.?
Trying to convince my Dad I can afford the payments for a two year car lease, does this chart make sense?
[CANADA]What do I do with my money now?
Is it possible to rollover a 401k into a Roth 401k?
Payday loan trap got me, how do I escape?
Have some silver.. should I dump it?
I'm psudeo-employed by my parents and make less than $500 a month, should I worry about paying my taxes?
Roth IRA portfolio choices - Expense ratios? Emerging market/international?
I'm working on removing a couple collections from my credit history. What can I do in the meantime?
Index to IRA a good idea?
I've been offered a $30k no interest loan. How could I best put that money to use?
I think I need to file quarterly taxes. But I'm confused?
High Deductible Health Insurance and Need Surgery - Help?
I always thought I was smarter than this, but I'm trapped in payday loans! Any advice on how to get out?
Checking account without overdraft protection?
Is it better to pay off the school loan and the house first and then invest?
IRS going after my parents. Am I liable?
Considering switching banks, how will this affect my credit score?
Traditional IRA, start investing, or continue hording money?
Family of 4, how to get ahead?
What if you don't want to max out 401k?
I'm taking control of my life, and I'm starting with my credit score. What help can you offer me?
Starting Grad School with No Debt. How Do I Build My Savings?
Recent graduate/soon-to-graduate mega-thread?
How would I best finance a trip to study after college?
Both IRA and Roth IRA?
I have an old account still on my credit report, but no proof it's been paid. How do I get it erased?
Any advice for dealing with medical account in collections on a credit report?
How can I make the most out of Citi EasyDeals rewards?
I am now an expat, where should I keep my money?
So if I open an IRA before the tax deadline, I can claim that this year?
32 yrs old, $230k HHld income: Roth 401(k) or Traditional 401(k)?
Do stocks and funds I withdrew since January 1 count for this tax year or last? I haven't filed yet
Since /r/tax "is not here to give tax advice" I am hoping you can help. If you get a job in a new city and you visit it 2 months before the job to find a place to live. Is that trip tax deductible?
Should I invest my excess income, or use it to pay down my mortgage?
Simple Question: Can I use Bluebird to write a check to my land lord?
Is there any benefit with waiting to opening a RothIRA when doing my next tax return?
Investing my current emergency fund into ETF's?
Should I have any of my investments in individual stocks? Or should I be 100% in index funds?
Mint isn't available in my country. Is there anything similar?
When to pay off credit card bill?
No U.S. tax documents STILL. Do I have any legal recourse?
"total accounts" on credit score, higher is better? What are ways to improve this aspect of my credit report?
$250,000 in student loans at 6.8% interest, should I pay the loans off as fast as possible before doing any retirement investing at all?
(CA) Can someone please explain RRSPs and how much I should be contributing while I'm in school?
College CS student, $300 EFC. Should I get summer internships?
Which mutual fund to choose for new Vanguard ROTH IRA Account?
I have an employer provided 401k, and a very small Roth IRA. Does it make sense to open a Trad IRA as well?
I'm selling a home and having to pay out of pocket to pay off the mortgage, can I write this off of my taxes?
Recent graduate, first real job. What should I be doing better?
Is a company 401(k) plan sufficient for retirement? Or should I look into another plan as well?
Expired Judgment. Now what?
Aunt passed away and left me her house. Problem is she was a hoarder and the house is going to take a long time to clean/fix up before we can sell it. Advice?
I'm getting $9k back in returns, should I add to my emergency fund, or knock out some more of my student loan? (Canada)
How should I handle being laid off?
Pre-approved for a credit card I won't use - should I take it?
401k rollover check lost in the mail?
Bank/CU that allows multiple savings goals or sub-accounts?
Anyone know how many savings accounts Wells Fargo will allow me to have?
[CANADA] Buying a property to reno, rent and eventually sell (to incorporate or not to incorporate? OR Capital Gains vs Dividend Income)
IRA to ROTH conversion, MAX?
The FAFSA is screwing me over, what can I do?
Should I be striving to pay for dental surgery, or to build my emergency fund?
(Canada) Mother contacted by collection agency, she's thinking of bankruptcy. Any advice?
What are the best Credit cards for returns?
Roth IRA or Traditional IRA?
Monthly membership fee on credit card I've had for 4 5 years, should I cancel?
Critique my taxable account strategy? (x post r/investing)
Toyota Sienna LE: How much did you pay for a new one (Debating new vs used)?
What is the best way to store money in a way that it can still be used at the drop of a hat?
Closing credit card accounts?
How to protect retirement from near term stock &amp; bond market problems?
Emergency fund saved up, have some debt, what should I do?
What to do with $1000?
IRS Return 2013, I am worried something might be wrong with my tax return, is it normal that after a month and a half, it still says its processing?
Book recommendations on personal finance management/investment?
If I have a pretty large amount of debt, do I need to have a credit card?
General Self-Employment Considerations?
What are some car financing options for a 19 year old with ~640 FICO?
I save 57% of what I don't pay to the government. Should I spend the remainder guilt-free, or is guilt-free spending a bad idea for any young person?
Any reason NOT to buy a house right now?
I am Totally clueless about retirement funds. Help please?
Trilogy Financial Services- Anyone heard/used them?
Where to save for a downpayment on a house?
I was asked to hold onto some cash for a friend indefinitely. What is the smartest thing I can do with it?
Can anyone spare a pep talk? Open a Roth IRA before the deadline?
Is Turbotax scamming me? They advertise "free" State filing but I can't get around paying a $20 State E-Filing fee.
Did some contracting work that I forgot about in 2012, didn't include it on my taxes. How big of a problem is this?
Canada = what is a safe investment and a better rate than a savings account?
Saving to convert an school bus into an RV after getting out of the military... can I do it?
I'm 24 and planning on leaving the military in two years to build my home in a school bus. Will this work?
Getting married and living on our own. Hows my budget look?
Why is my credit score only 585 when i have nothing negative on my report? how can i fix this?
College freshman with loans: What to do with money from summer internships?
Did I just screw up a credit line increase request?
What is the best way to deposit a large amount of cash to pay off student loans?
Landlord not renewing lease. Should we buy the house from him?
Just signed up for CreditKarma-- needing 21+ lines of credit to get a "A" score seems obscene. Is that really expected?
24, Just graduated, How am I doing?...
Told bank to lower my credit limit, is that bad?
Are "Credit Repair" services like Ovation, Lexington Law, etc. worth it?
Debt is paid, emergency fund full, 2012 and 2013 Roth IRAs maxed. So now what?
Is it safe to have all in invested money in a single Vanguard Target Retirement Fund?
What does it mean when someone says, "Learn how money works."?
Should I close my current CC to avoid future problems?
How long should I continue to pay a car loan I don't need, simply to build up some credit?
Not 18 yet, anything I an do?
My sister in law (18) &amp; her parents are about to take out $100k of loans for a theater degree from a no-name school. How can I convince them this is the worst idea ever???
Why does /r/personalfinance suggest to fund Roth IRA first and then 401(k)? Does this apply to high income earners as well?
Is the $10k limit on first-time home purchase distribution from an IRA account on a per-account basis, per-individual, or per-household?
Self-made millionaires of /r/personalfinance, what web sites/blog do you read every day? Every week?
Change Roth IRA contribution from 2013 tax year to 2012 tax year?
How bad is it to close all personal accounts and just use a business account for everything?
UK redditors, what is your retirement goal?
Have over 100k worth of bitcoins what do I do??
18, first year university student living alone. How does my budget look to you?
We can't honestly afford a $300k house, can we?
What are the taxes for accepting a payout of 401k when switching jobs?
Should my Mom (68) cash in small 401k to buy a condo?
Credit Repair where do I begin?
18 years old, where should i invest the 10k i can do without? (CA)
Is "financing" a computer through BestBuy the same as (as bad as) carrying a balance on a credit card?
Is there any way to ask/request for a longer "Intro APR" time period when applying for a credit card?
What financial information should be kept secret?
How far back will Mint store my transactions?
My fiancee has substantial debt - Would it be better to pour all excess funds into paying that off or divert some into Roth IRAs/investments?
Reddit, should I move back in with Mom for one year?
What should I do with my Bitcoins? I'd like to get an outside perspective.
Fiancee has $100,000+ in student loan debt. Best to put 100% of excess money at it or to set some aside into Roth IRA/investments?
I have savings. How do I qualify for a Canadian Gov't student loan?
Can you help me think this through?
How do you place a monetary value things like location, neighborhood, proximity to elementary school, and space and storage when analyzing whether to move or stay?
Racked up 30g in debt between age 17-19. 20 now and can't facepalm myself enough. Am I doing everything I can?
Student Loan Question/Advice?
Roth IRA as emergency fund. What to keep the funds in?
Just turned 18, minimum wage job, about to start college. What should i do? (US)
Young person, negative credit - tips/advice?
I've got about $4000 - should I pay off my remaining student loans ($2500) or put it all into my 2012 IRA?
Optimal mortgage - 15y vs 30y?
Zeroing out my credit accounts, or leaving small balances?
Since you can't refi gov't student loans, what are the options?
Engaged to be married -- anything to be aware of financially?
Should I dispute my mother's late credit card payments on my credit report?
Is it possible to transfer a Roth IRA to my parents? They give me too much money for college but refuse to use it for retirement.
My Fiancé also will graduate with over $100K in student loan debt, but we are not in lucrative career paths. Are we doomed?
Why is my employer-offered Fidelity 401(K) a Vanguard target date fund? Does it matter?
I am considering consolidating my student loans. Advice?
I left my job. My FSA expired 15 days before my insurance so 2 office visits cannot be reimbursed without me paying for COBRA. Shouldn't my FSA contributions have been prorated?
Heard some people say they have their emergency fund in I-bonds. Can I use a ETF that follows bonds instead?
What should I do with $5k in savings if I'm not allowed to touch it for a year?
What should I consider investing into with my current situation?
Doing Taxes- Trying to get Credit for College Tuition, Need help? Sorry if this is in the wrong place!
Got my credit card today, made my first purchase. Whats the best way to build credit?
will student loans keep me from qualifying for a mortgage?
Best course of action for small inheritance? 150K
Invest or pay off my car loan?
Should i start a Roth IRA? (20 y/o, in College)
College Funding Help?
Boyfriend has $100k in student loans. Am I screwed?
PF, will you give my budget a once over?
Financial planning for starting a family?
Turbotax is offering me a 5% match if I agree to convert my tax refund to an Amazon gift card instead of cash. Good/bad idea?
30 year old requesting 401(k) investing advice. Where should I put my money?
How do I get loans for grad school?
Just bought a house with cash. Can I "refinance" to take advantage of low interest rates?
(tax question) anyone ever claim the lifetime learning tax credit? pretty sure i am eligible, but hesitant
Declaring myself bankrupt and starting my own business?
recommendations for converting an IRA to a ROTH?
Any experience with Nutmeg? (UK)
19 years old, $10,000 in shares, $5000 in savings, what should I do now?
Only low interest mortgage and student loan debt; now what?
Cheapest high speed phone plan with data?
Have an extra car that gets better gas mileage than my daily driver but it's not reliable. Should I sell it?
Savings vs. Training?
If I sell my house, what do I do with the cash? Investing makes me nervous, should I just rent it out?
Can someone help me identify Vanguard index funds?
Rules of thumb or formulas for Federal and State Income tax rate?
PF will you review my budget?
Is there a level at which an emergency fund doesn't need to be somewhere risk-free?
Thinking of getting Fidelity AMEX. What is /r/personalfinance's experience with this card?
Government vs Private Industry in long term?
Pre-paying standard credit card?
Have $50,000 to invest in kid's 429 education plan. Should I put it all in at once or spread it out over time (e.g. $2,000 every month for 25 months)?
Am I being too aggressive with my savings?
Fund Traditional IRA from my "Safety" Savings?
I think I screwed up and willingly handed over my identity. Help?
Help! Trying to strategize: increase student loan payments (IBR) or build an emergency fund?
Best way to finance flipping a foreclosure???
401k or Rent?
Credit card not reporting?
Please advice me? Progress in career and further steps? (CA)
Evaluate my moving &amp; money situation. Any advice?
10k in the bank, principal remaining on car loan is 4k... go ahead and pay it all off?
r/ Personal Finance, How accurate is this pie chart about credit? (Found on r/Credit)
Expected fallout of defaulting on a credit card?
Am I costing my dishonest stepmother more money by staying on the family plan health insurance? I'm under 26 (I'm 24) in MA
Best general finance book to give a new College Graduate?
The Millionaire Next Door, is it worth a read?
College student recently denied credit card(Amazon), Credit score is lower than I thought. What do I do?
Employee Stock Purchase Plan - Should I diversify?
Do I ditch the gas guzzler for a car?
Citi aadvantage card. Should I cancel it?
A financial "perfect storm" or an overreaction? Marriage, inheritance, taxes and student loans.
PersonalFinance, what are some budgeting tips/figures one should strive for?
Credit Card Strategy?
Am I giving my aunt the best financial plan for her situation?
Anyone with personal experience with Amex BlueBird? Research only brings up mixed reviews
Little debt, decent income, emergency fund &amp; 401K established - what's next?
Can I write a will on my own or should I have a lawyer/legalzoom do it? (US)
Is the only way to get significant salary increases through changing companies?
retirements - traditional vs elective deferrals?
hi PF, I'm 26, should I terminate my variable appreciable life policy?
How can one get a loan for graduate school as an international student without a cosigner?
Employer provides 401k in target-date index fund, with no match. Should I fund, or place retirement assets entirely in Roth IRA?
Do you have a financially like-minded significant other?
Mortgage underwriter substantially reduced my approved limit from what "the computer spat out." Worth going through another bank?
Pay accrued interest or put towards balance?
Rolled over Roth 401(k) to Roth IRA, when can I withdraw the funds penalty-free?
Best fund(s) for late 2012 Roth IRA contribution?
stop an electronic transfer?
Can I Afford Sabbaticals? (CA)
What am I supposed to do?
How will the Baht do against the Dollar in the event of a conflict on the Korean Peninsula? (TH / US)
Why is mortgage on my credit report when I'm not on the mortgage to the house?
Does the Stock Market Really Return 7% Per Year?
/r/personalfinance, how can I improve my credit scores to 800+?
What Does It Cost To Live?
What is the purpose or role of a Money Market fund?
Rolling 401(k) into a Roth IRA?
Where do we start when saving for a home?
United States treasury securities?
So, any thoughts on the new Credit Karma?
Whole life insurance on a kid for college?
Roth IRA Question: If you open an account on April 12, 2013 but the funds don't arrive until April 16th, does that count as 2012 or 2013 Contributions?
Has anyone used a Property Management Company to rent out their property?
Are there any instances when co-signing makes sense?
Cash in Roth IRA to pay down credit card?
I want to sell and then buy a house. Does it look bad to mortgage companies if I put the home repair costs on a credit card?
New to credit cards. What's a good one, and how do I pay it off?
Should I move out of my parents house?
Mutual funds vs. ETFs?
Yet another "should I buy a house?" thread
Do places like grubhub/foodler count as restaurants on rewards cards?
I'm doing my own taxes this year (18 years old, self-employed) and I contributed money to an IRA. How do I get the tax credit that I'm supposed to from contributing to that?
Thoughts/advice?
Difference between APR and Interest rate for home loan?
How do I pay off a credit card at another bank?
What's wrong with my plan?
All of you Financial Advisers really helped me on my last post, what suggestions could you give me for this?
cash-out refinance?
Thinking about purchasing my first car, thoughts, advice, comments?
I had no health insurance on Dec 1 - can I still contribute to an HSA for 2012?
Emergency Funds, Roth IRA's, and Me - advice please?
These are my 401k options, can someone help me head in the right direction?
These are my 401k options, how should I proceed?
[AU] Hang onto a loan with large amount of redraw or pay off?
(CA) Irwin Toy LTD claim on assets?
Is it possible to file two ammended returns?
Best free online guide to personal finance basics?
advice: should I take a loan for a lawyer? Estate for a deceased relative needs to resolved.
I received a letter from a collection law firm. Is this different than a collection agency?
Financially reasonable way to switch career fields with college debt already?
Applying for my second credit card. Should I apply for several at once while my credit history is already new?
Mom gave me a joint card to her AmEx account, it's tanking my credit score! How do I remove it from my credit report?
Never had a credit card, just found out my credit score is 614. Want to take out student loans soon, where do I go from here?
How to minimize (very small) collections account damage?
As an 18 year old with absolutely no credit, what is the best credit card to get solely for the purpose of improving ones credit?
Am I putting too much (than necessary) into Retirement?
I've been putting off my student loan repayment for like 3 years (I know, really stupid, you don't have to tell me. I couldn't afford it). I have Sallie Mae + Federal loans, is there any way I can consolidate this into one giant payment?
Is it worth trading a brand new car?
Can a middle class worker retire in their 50's?
25, leaving employer, opening a roth IRA, what are my options with my old (measly) 401k?
Student loan lender is changing the date of my payments... Is this helpful or hurtful?
Best Value Credit Cards?
Family Member ran up $60k in debt in my name. What are my options?
I'm 20, I have a little disposable income and want to start investing to make some extra money. What's the 'safest' route?
What is my best course of action for getting my credit on track?
33 years old, and not interested in high risk...which Target Retirement Fund is right for me?
Best Credit Card To Transfer Balances Over To?
Best friend landed in the hospital and now has $35,000+ in medical bills and no insurance. What are his options?
I got a notice today from the IRS that I owe them $18,000. I am a 23 year old college student earning $10,000 a year. Any advice?
(Can) How much money do you leave in your chequing account?
Can someone please explain the relationship between two of my Vanguard accounts?
Student Loans... what am I doing?
Created a Corporation, but did nothing with it this year, what do I need to do for taxes? (CA)
Can someone explain what a reverse mortgage is? Along with advantages and disadvantages if possible.
Should I sell these shares and cash in my profits?
Is it true that after taxes there wouldn't be a huge difference in net income going from 70 to 90k?
I already filed for a refund and received it, can I claim more that I wasn't aware of?
I'm trying to rebuild my credit. What's the difference between a prepaid debit card and a prepaid credit card, and the difference between a charge card and a credit card?
Looking to get a lower car payment by trading in, but how to go about it?
If I have enough money to pay off my 1,000 dollar debt all at one time, would it be wise to do that or rather pay it off in big monthly payments?
What are the economics of every retailer having their version of a credit card?
Should I open a Roth IRA?
Is It Worth It to Convert a Schwab Roth IRA to Vanguard Roth IRA?
Borrow at 4% to pay loan at 10%?
Should I buy this larger larger home and rent out my smaller exiting home? Good idea for tax benefits and/or investment?
USAXX Money market fund with 0% yield? Am I not understanding something?
What's the cheapest way to use a foreign debit card to fund a US bank account? (Cyprus)
Does it make sense to pay rent as soon as I am paid each month?
How much should I save per month? Making $75k per year.
Does it make sense to open a credit card just for the sign-up bonuses?
What will happen if I send in my tax return without attaching my W-2?
why payoff a mortgage early if you have a low rate?
Max IRA &amp; HSA now and buy a house later, or vice versa?
Could a company such as Vanguard or Fidelity go out of business? If so, how would that happen and what would result?
Am I missing anything that I should be looking into? Or am I doing okay?
Looking to switch banks or move to a credit union in NYC. Any advice?
Significant changes to finances (25% raise, completing student loans payback, completing emergency fund savings), what to do?
I make 11.50 an hour. and ive been taxed each paycheck about 15-20%. Why do i owe money still? Im 24 and single... ( Turbotax)
Small family business. Splitting income for social security?
There has to be more to consider than just expense ratios...?
Buying property before going to college, terrible idea? (CAN)
Having trouble finding ~$350 unaccounted for in YNAB. Help?!
I am with sharebuilder, pro and con?
Slowly getting out of debt. Too slowly?
Buy a house or pay off student loans?
I have two years of school left should I take out huge student loans?
Is it a good idea to close bank accounts I don't use anymore?
How can I pick funds for my 401K with Fidelity?
I'm about to graduate college, and will have a job very soon. But, I'm almost out of money and don't want to burden my parents. Do you guys have recommendations on loans?
So how much interest is this actually?
I can pay my car off but should I?
Underwater FHA Mortgage with Ginnie Mae. Are there streamline refi options?
Convert my Rollover IRA to my current Roth IRA?
I was given $100k by a family member to help pay for a house. How do I not get screwed over at tax time?
Should I withdraw from 401k early?
MIP and the recent changes to FHA Loans?
New Graduate - What to do before beginning work and how to start saving?
Mistakenly signed up for "Creditreport.com" - Is it still safe to try "Annualcreditreport.com" for a proper credit report for all 3 agencies?
Simple question: Is the point of retirement savings to live off of the fund itself, or to live off of its returns?
late removing excess Roth IRA contributions - what can I do?
Should I cash a portion of 401k to pay off credit cards?
Any value in taking a loan I don't need just to increase credit score? I've never had a loan
How can I help my cousin [29 y/o, Debt of $18k, Take-home income of 33.5k a year] get out of debt?
Need to get textbooks for my online summer classes. I don't have the money, can my financial aid be used to purchase them?
Personal loans to consolidate to lower interest rate to pay off CC?
How far to dip into savings to pay off loans early?
Should I prioritize my credit or savings first?
What financial advice would you give to a young college student with currently no debt?
Software recommendations for tracking payslips?
What is the best site to give checking and savings account reviews?
Using EE bonds for college?
refinance, then sell my car. good or bad idea?
I'm jobless, despondent, and scared i'll be homeless...I need a plan, guidance anyone?
Do you help your parents/relatives financially ?
Is it possible to use a 401k for higher education when studying abroad?
I forgot to include my $5K Roth IRA contribution on my federal tax return. Do I need to refile?
Question: Which would give better investment advice, Credit union or Wells Fargo?
No fee, no minimum investment funds at Fidelity??
Saving up for a home down payment...what do I do with the cash on hand?
Anybody have Simple invites?
College Student - Tax return is ~$2900. Advice?
Selling my house and making 135k - What do you think of my financial plans?
401(K) and the fiscal/calendar year? (plus an IRA question)
What would be a good next move for me to continue improving my credit?
23 years old, mother claims me as dependent -- do I still file my own taxes?
Should I remove myself as an authorized user?
I just got $1500 from Facebook as part of a bug bounty program, will receive a W-9. What are the tax implications?
Making sense of all this advice?
What are the most important things to look for in a new credit card?
What's the best way to pay off my $370,000 loan @ 12.5% interest, while I have $300,000 in the bank earning 6% interest?
Have all the basic info down, here are my details, can you help me with the next steps?
Is My Understanding of Commercial Paper Yields Correct?
Paid off CCs with personal loan, how will this affect my credit?
What sort of expenses do I need to expect while calculating how much home I can afford?
Pay off student loan in full?
What's the best way to save our money for our wedding that will be 2 years from now?
Where should I transfer money from my CD into?
I'm pretty sure my dad stole my tax refund. What now?
Roth IRA vs Traditional -- any preference?
My mother's lawyer made an 8k mistake she has to pay in order to close on a house or lose it. Is this malpractice?
I missed filing my tax returns by April 15th. Is there any late form I can fill out to get back the tax money that was taken out of my check?
My credit score is 581, and I would like a loan for ~$2,300, what are my options?
I'm $100 short for a bill due next week - what can I do?
How's my budget?
Where to start when it comes to taking my financial planning more seriously? (CA)
What to do with left over cash?
What should I do with my money? (16 year old, ~$3,500 in savings, income @ ~$150/week)
401k or Roth 401k?
If a cashed check puts your account in the negatives, does that check bounce?
How do you get a credit card?
If I want to buy Vanguard index funds, should I use Vanguard's website as my investing hub, or a 3rd party brokerage such as TradeKing?
I'm screwing myself over for student aid?
Buying a new car, what should be my down payment?
I have 12k saved. Is there anything worthwhile I can invest in?
getting a personal loan to pay off credit card?
Through an inheritance combined with a homerun investment, I am now worth a little over $200k at age 24. Should I buy a house or rent cheaply? I also don't trust banks.
My Current Situation. Smart Move?
Moving after 5-7 years of purchasing home... Pay extra mortgage payment or invest?
I am about to have £20,000, where should I keep it? (UK)
Is this living within my means?
Buy my own house, or buy one to rent out?
Combined Income puts us over IRA threshold, what to do instead?
My father is offering me £20,000 for my Masters; is it better to invest it in myself like that or invest it on something tangible that will make money in the future?
I recently started working at a job in NYC, I filled out all of my forms with my current NJ home address (parents house). Yesterday I signed a lease for an apartment in Brooklyn. Will more be taken out of my paycheck once I update my NY address with the company? Should I leave it as my NJ address.
Why am I only able to get low credit limits?
I'd like to get as close to $0 tax return as possible. How?
Suffocating Student Loan debt - advice?
Looking at buying a DoubleLine Mutual fund. Is a sales load of 4.5% on initial offering and management fee of 1% reasonable?
I have a whole life policy. I've heard nothing but terrible things these policies from financial experts. How do I decide whether or not to keep this thing?
I got questionable(?) advice from my bank about disputing my credit report
Can someone explain how a Roth IRA works vs a 401k, and how to actually set one up?
Have a 401k and Roth IRA, and excess money in savings. Where should I invest / move it? Mint finance snapshot included.
I'm a soon to be college graduate with good credit because my parents helped with student loans. What's the highest limit and best rate card I could get?
Account with bank, secured credit card with credit union, any reason I shouldn't?
Roth IRA vs. traditional IRA. I see the differences, but which is better for me?
Any advice on getting a student loan? (Canada)
Is offering more than appraisal a reasonable approach when buying a house?
How do I get the most out of my Mint.com account?
Federal Employees, what health plan is the best value?
What's the cheapest way to move my savings from Canada to the US?
Whats next? I'm already doing lots and not sure if I should worry about anything else
I've fallen into modeling the last year with the intention of finding a real job. I pay my rent and a little more through this and it's cash or untaxed checks from schools. I think I'm self-employed, how do I pay taxes?
Moving on: What to do after climbing out of credit card debt?
I just knocked out my credit card debt -- what do I do now?
How should I spread out my 401k investments?
Any suggestions on how to manage my fiances? I just got a new job as well.
What do I do now?
How to defer student loan payments for one year?
Should I buy gold now?
Self employed - trad IRA over Roth, right?
Is this NPV function correct?
Being sued by credit card companies?
If I have a high income and high loans, and ideally would like job flexibility in the next few months / year, should I stop 401(k) contributions and put all that towards loans?
Received 1099-INT two days too late; do I need to file an amended tax form?
Compound interest and how to start?
Yo PF - do you guys ever think, what's the point?
Ok so just won $50000 on a scratch ticket. Will most likely take how about $25000 what should I do with it?
does it make a difference if I pay off my credit card before the end of the month vs at the end of the month?
Military separation, house purchase, first child, and job search all coming up - how should I prepare?
(UK) Am I on the right track?
How should I be investing if I want to save for a wedding within 2 years, and a house within 5? Should I avoid a 401k?
Missed IRA Contribution Deadline - Options?
What happens if I take my name off an account with a balance? How will it affect my rating?
Graduating college soon. How do I find auto/renter's insurance?
How do you decide how much money to put towards debt/401k/roth/emergency fund?
Should I open a traditional IRA to save for a down payment on a house?
Credit score experts-- how should I divide my spending between two cards?
$3k on Credit Card at 19% - take loan at 9.25% to pay it off?
How to handle significant raise?
Best cash back credit card for restaurants/fast food?
Reddit I am self employed with no set hourly rate of personal income. Whats the best way to create a savings plan and a weekly spending budget?
$414 in tax out of a $1700 paycheck?
Can my employer cosign an auto loan for me?
What number would you put on the value of an emergency fund versus paying off debt?
Anybody ever put Real Estate into a Roth IRA?
Can an organization tie the amount of your raise (inversely) to amount that they are offering as match on retirement? Confusing, so more details inside.
Would you live with your parents to help pay down your debts?
Saving for a house with a Vanguard Roth IRA - fund recommendations and investment advice?
Where to set up an IRA?
Take loan @ 9.25% to consolidate debt?
Should I start a Roth IRA if I plan on making more than the salary cap very soon?
New job, no 401k, pre-tax retirement options?
It's ALWAYS best to contribute the max that your employer will match to a 401k, right?
Any suggestions for international bank account?
What's the best way to finance this move out of state?
Is it better to pay $1050 in one lump sum or $1200 over 3 years?
Is this a good idea, or have I made a mental error somewhere?
Purchase plane tickets now or wait?
tax-friendly retirement savings options for expats?
Just bought a car and might be moving to NYC. Is there any way to get out of an auto loan?
If I can still access and reallocate my balance on my old 401k, is there any good reason to roll it over to current 401k or transfer it to an IRA?
If the conventional wisdom here in /r/personalfinance is to invest your assets in index funds, why do so many wealthy people put their money in private equity funds that charge very high fees?
Student loans - pay off now or slowly over time?
Saving for a franchise. Things I should know?
How important is having a good credit score?
I just found out I own AAPL stock. What do I do?
What is a good, lazy portfolio of Vanguard ETFs I can hold in the custodial accounts I set up for my niece and nephew?
How should I go about buying a car?
Where to put my cash for 3 years?
Savings advice for a young 20's adult with good paying job?
Roth 401k vs. Traditional 401k - how to model the differences in future income?
How does applying, and being accepted for multiple credit cards in a short period affect your credit score?
Do cash limits really exist for credit cards? Can't you convert your entire credit limit to cash by using two paypal accounts?
Rewards cards plan. Which route should I go?
Single Dad, looking for financial direction -- Save? Pay Debts? Move in six months?
My personal finance tracking system/budgeting/investing- Mint vs. Gnucash (or others?)
Mortgage approval put off for an entire year- does this sound right?
iPhone App with Excel support?
(xpost from /r/frugal) What credit card options are the best for an employed college student with no established credit?
Pay down debt faster or build a cushion?
Does anyone have any PF advice, or resources for someone with a high (but not *super* high salary) and fairly high amount of cash available to invest?
What every-day, easy-to-collect items today could be worth a significant amount more in the next 20, 30, or 40 years?
Is it ever cost effective for a first-time home buyer to pay Private Mortgage Insurance?
When, and How, did you first learn about personal finance?
Credit limit lowered?
Is it possible to pay off student loans with a credit card?
Want to start planning as young as possible. Any advice for me?
Student Loan payoff question?
Where would I invest money for early retirement?
[22, Los Angeles] Graduating in June, Have a Job, Savings, No Debt. Best way to jump into the real world?
Short term personal loans to improve credit score?
Advice on collections agency charge on credit report? And clarification about verification for Equifax CR?
Could someone explain the risk of investing into the VXX ? The negative and positive side to it? Is it designed to fail? (DE)
Graduated one year ago, bought a new car w/ high interest, credit has improved. Trade for used car?
My tax refund (US) came c/o the person who has me listed as a dependent. Does he have to endorse the check, too?
If brand new cars are considered one of the worst financial decisions someone can make, why do people keep buying them ?
I am on auto debit for student loans. I noticed that they didn't deduct from my checking account this month. I logged in and it says there was a full balance payment made. The fudge?
Moving to Singapore, student loans to pay in the US. How do I efficiently move money to do this?
How would r/personalfinance budget with a summer job in my situation?
What salary is necessary for comfortable and safe living?
Where would you put your money if you wanted to maximize income on it, yet maintain capital?
I live paycheck to paycheck, and have about $2,000 in CC debt. Is there any point in using my rent money to temporarily pay down my credit card in lieu of an actual payment?
Best life insurance companies?
Purchasing household/personal care items online?
Which is the best credit card for me?
What would happen if I were to stop making Student Loan payments on a loan that is in good standing and currently paid ahead?
Vanguard Brokerage account. Is this an appropriate choice to make with my extra money?
Best Credit Card for Frequent Flier Air Miles?
I'm working on building credit. Is it a detriment to play it off every time I get paid, bi-weekly? (US)
Switching banks, will it affect my Credit Score/Rating?
My brilliant finance professor is hosting an investment seminar tonight. What kind of questions should I ask?
Need a Car: Should I address my Short term needs, or think already of my long term needs?
100K Where do I go from here?
Latest Greatest sign-up bonus card?
I have 12 months to go from No Credit to having a Very Good Credit score, what do I do? (X-post from r/frugal)
Roll your own Roth IRA?
r/PF, can someone explain the pros and cons of opening a personal line of credit?
Is a student loan turning into a "bad debt" decision?
Wife is pregnant... Now what do I do?
Planning for retirement? Are you making plans for old age and incapacity, too?
About to get around 25-30k compensation, what should I do with it? (UK)
Can I fund my 2013 Roth IRA now?
How well did you budget at first?
Should I cancel my dogs Pet Insurance or at this point just stick it out?
Stay on IBR for student loans or pay off with inheritance?
What to do with this extra money? 20-year old no loans/CC debt
Is this a dumb idea for paying off debt?
Student loans- what to do government loans aren't enough to afford college?
What should I do? (US Bank Secured Credit Card or Wells Fargo Student Credit Card)
Last Statement balance vs. Current Balance?
Getting married in 30 days - Would someone review our budget?
Does a higher total number of payments made improve your credit score or does only the percentage made on time matter?
What's the average cost of maintenance for a car per year? (US)
Someone else filed my dad's taxes (identity theft). He's doing his reporting today/tomorrow. What happens now?
Recently laid off. Could I get some advice on what to do please?
Is purchasing an investment property a bad idea?
FHA or Conventional?
Could someone please explain to me what I should think about a story like this?
When does it make sense to overpay a mortgage?
Is betterment.com a reasonable way to invest?
Is my education worth the debt?
If I want to invest some money in a single stock company, how do I easily do that with Vanguard?
Newbie to personal finance: where do I begin?
Smart choice?
Partner wants to take a pay cut. Can we afford it?
Where do you store your emergency fund?
Investing small amounts of money?
File for Underemployment/ Unemployment?
Does getting a small loan help my credit? How can I get an approved credit card increase.
My new car was just totaled in a flood. I was planning to buy a house in the late summer/fall. How will this affect me?
Just found out I have a 401(a) plan, what is it and what should I do with it?
Car vs. House?
Best thing to do with 40k Amex MembershipRewards points?
How late should one start an IRA? Is there any use if I am a college student on financial aid?
First time home buyer. Should I get an FHA loan or Private?
Credit score is horriblr, best way to repair bad credit?
Is it wise to have both a traditional IRA &amp; Roth IRA?
At what point do you start investing for income?
Finance Noob - How to Allocate 401k?
Getting ready to relocate to New York after landing a new job. I don't have a lot of money saved up for the move, and my credit is fair, but not stellar. Apart from picking up as many shifts at my current job as I can, what can I do to give myself some wiggle room?
Credit repair strategy - how to do it without shooting myself in the foot?
If I make a tax-deductible donation will I be able to claim it on my taxes in addition to the standard deduction?
$300 charge appears on my statements; how do I investigate?
~$265,000 expected debt after med school. Should I be freaking out?
I would like to finish my bachelor's someday, but I am already in a lot of student loan debt, and am afraid to keep digging. Any advice?
How do I subtract income on mint.com?
Can I afford this, realistically?
What to do with a house that I might sell in the next two years?
If I have a mortgage and I ask specifically to put an extra payment to principal, do I end up paying less interest over the time of the loan?
How can we teach our kids how to manage their money better?
Planning for college - How much $$, really?
Scottrade or ETrade ? Which Broker to choose?
When will my IRA be a better investment than my savings account?
What's your favorite budgeting software for managing debt, income, and spending?
Vanguard Target Date funds composed of other Vanguard Index funds - do the expense ratios add up?
Check my budget please?
Should I be worried about getting mortgage financing from an independent broker?
Didn't report roth IRA contributions through my employer on my tax returns by mistake, am I in trouble?
YNABers-- do you adjust your budget at the end of each month to eliminate minor overspending (red items)?
Is switching companies now the norm to receive better pay?
YNAB-ers, do you adjust your budget at the end of each month to make everything clean?
Reasons NOT to consolidate student loans?
Does anyone here value tilt or overweight their portfolio on purpose? I am torn between staying completely invested in my target date fund vs. taking some “play money” to overweight in a healthcare fund as well. Am I too inexperienced to do this? Is it just Tom foolery?
Looking for a High-Yield Checking account? Search by zip code and categorize results by distance, rate, and return.
Use savings bonds to accelerate student loan payments?
Taxes were done incorrectly, received an extra $1000 from Federal refund. How do I return the money to the government?
Would Co-Signer Release Change My Private Student Loan Interest Rate?
Are you in debt? Considering BK? I can help, info only!
Best Online Bank?
Can restaurant or vendor that uses credit card add in extra charges?
Credit cards--is there an upper limit to how many you should have given that you use them responsibly?
Just made last student loan payment. Paid off $25,000 in 18 Months. Now what?
I have $5000 that's been sitting in my savings account for a few years now. where's a better place to put it?
No one in my life can cosign for me for a student loan &amp; I hear not having a cosigner will make it really hard for me to find a loan, not to mention horrible interest rates. Any advice?
Am I missing something? ETFs vs Mutual Funds
Is it a good idea?
Is foregoing health benefits to increase salary a viable option?
First time home buyer guide / advice?
What is your favorite Personal Finance book?
I just switched my Roth to USAA from Trowe. Is it bad to switch again to Vanguard?
Which is best for a 22-year-old looking to save for retirement with no 401k: trad IRA or Roth IRA?
Should I contribute to my 401k even if the company is not matching?
heroin addiction ruined my finances (huge surprise) advice?
How has your disposable income changed since the start of the financial crisis?
I am 27 and will be with this particular company for maybe 2 more years. I would like to aggressively invest my 401(k) funds + matched funds. Can you guys help me find an appropriate fund from this list?
(UK) What's the best way to recieve overseas payments?
New to retirement saving. How concerned should I be about asset allocation?
I make $40,000 a year. how much should i spend on a car?
Where should I put my down payment fund and emergency fund?
I paid for a service on 11/30/2012 and the merchant has not delivered -- what can I do? [FL, United States]
Should I consolidate my undergrad loans before going to grad school?
How much should my credit line be?
(US) Charging everything on a rewards card and always paying it off. Downsides?
What are your "10 Commandments" for Personal Finance?
Got my first secured credit card to build credit, first payment is almost due, do I pay it all off, or just make the minimum payment ?
Anyone have reviews of those, "I make $7k from home online," things?
Never received 2011 tax return. Can I still get it?
If you were to inherit $300,000 with no house/car payments, how would you invest it?
Help me choose a Fund for my 401k. Plus why do company offer shitty options?
Optimizing my credit card rewards vs. utilization rate?
Refinancing a car loan?
Should I wait to refinance or try now?
new job, person in spot previously made 25% more?
(US) What can one do if they absolutely can't put their most recent rental history down on applications to new places?
Is this a good plan to cut my wasteful spending?
Car/mortgage loans - do I need to be a MEMBER of a credit union before they will offer me a loan quote, or can I shop around first and then decide which one to join?
I make $50k, should I buy a new car for $26.9k?
Going back to school, should i rent out my home, move into a studio, or rent a room?
Inheritance coming my way. What to do?
401K at old job rolled over in to IRA. Is there anything I should change, or is it ok to just invest there?
W9 needed for royalties situation?
Let's say you're interested in getting a new mutual fund outside of Vanguard and you're looking at the prospectus. What are the most important stats you look at?
JP Morgan v. Coutts?
Is there such a thing as an "offset account" on a mortgage in the U.S?
How do I use bonus income when paying back debt?
Should I get another credit card?
Starting over in life - What are the starting steps to establishing my financial life?
Resources for FHA mortgages with bad credit?
Any advice, tricks, or things I need to know before buying a car?
Fidelity/Old Employer Screwed me out of 8K, How can i get this money back?
buy a 340K fourplex or pay off 130K of student loans @ 7%?
Can you take your pension with you when you switch jobs?
Have never invested before - I have $500 I would like to buy silver bullion shares with... how do I do this?
401k fees with Schwab - how much is too much?
IRS mistakenly deposited someone's return in my SO's account. What do???
Anyone Have Success Negotiating Longer 0% Interest Period?
Does it hurt, help, or no effect on your credit score to transfer a balance multiple times between 2 credit cards to gain the 0% APR?
Parent's don't have best financial situation but buy us gifts. What do I do?
Giving stock away as gifts instead of plastic toys?
Can anybody help with my finances?
What kind of account do I need?
Refinancing to a 15yr 2.75 and rolling the 3000 of closing costs into the note. Any reason not to do this?
So Enbridge Gas has been too lazy to read our gas metre properly, and is charging me an extra 378 dollars in "estimated usage" on top of our gas bill. How can I avoid paying this? (CA)
Trying to save money as a student, can anyone share a basic excel budget template they use?
Common Stock OR Preferred Stock ? Difference???
Just Paid off Student Loans Woo!!! 40k Income... what now?
Need Advice: Is it better to have multiple open credit accounts or higher Avg Credit Account Age?
Is there a mint.com but for the UK at all? Mint UK doesn't cater for the UK market; does anybody know?
Recently got a windfall of ~$117k - What do I do with it?? I'm totally clueless.. (US)
3 Months Insurance for $1200?
Am I moving in the right direction?
Should I pay off my student loans while still in school?
Are Mint's graphs horribly broken for anyone else?
Traditional IRA, or non-IRA funds?
(CA) Considering finishing Ontario post-secondary school as a mature student. Options?
NCSU Took my State Refund Even Though I'm Paying Them Monthly? It should be accounts receivable anyways - how can they threaten me like this? (NC)
After a bill goes into collections, can you pay original provider?
Do utility bills effect your credit rating?
Converting an inheritance of stocks to index funds...can taxes be avoided/minimized?
planning for retirement, financial advisor or no?
18 years old, looking into credit cards since I'll be in college next year and I'll want to start building credit. Any recommendations?
Is this the best option for my money?
Anything I can do about a bank garnishment? (SD,US)
How Much are You Worth an Hour?
How do I deal with multiple collections agencies to pay the least amount possible and have the best outcome for my credit report?
Consolidation loans?
Should I invest part of my rainy day savings?
Was offered a lot of loans in my financial aid package for out of state tuition. Should I take them?
Repair or Replace an Old Car?
Financial idiot about to enter grad school. How much should I actually take out in loans?
for a 3-5 year investment for a major purchase, what is the best investment?
What are the best Personal Finance videos on YouTube?
How do I invest while being a university student?
What questions should I ask before investing in a master limited partnership?
I've never had a credit card, which one should I get?
How do I invest my money? (CA)
Where can I put a small amount of money?
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Would You Do This?
How do you budget your money and why?
Is the FPU "Free Cars for Life" Plan realistic?
CD or Invest?
Hey guys, do you have any recommendations for a Credit Union in Southern California?
[U.S.] Can I save on filing taxes for an LLC and have multiple personal 401k's by having multiple consulting companies?
Family want to put my name on the title for a condo/aparment in China - what are the risks?
Thinking of switching jobs, but 401k match is provided in the form of company stock. Concerns?
25yo w/ unexpected $6K - put it towards student loan debt, auto loan, or savings? Or a long weekend of activities in Amsterdam?
Contribute more towards retirement or student loans?
Student loans get discharged after 25 years. Husband and I have a combined $145,000. Any point in paying more than the minimum?
Are there any disadvantages to frequently redeeming CC reward cash?
Just got used car, should I also establish a loan?
"One strategy for minimizing your debt-to-credit ratio is to do a balance transfer. " How?
Gift to pay off loan but should I invest?
Stable Value Fund: No fees ?
Which student loan should I pay off first?
Medical debt collection without receiving a bill?!?
Young college who just inherited $90k, want to buy a condo, is this a bad idea?
Where to find a finance / credit counsellor?
Which of these investment options would you put money in?
International Roth IRA? [CA] [TH]
New Landlord: What should I look for in a checking account?
Am I able to sell a car I am still making payments on to a private party?
Debt consolidation? Should I?
Where should I invest after I have maxed my ROTH IRA?
Refinancing mortgage from 2.875% -&gt; 2.625% - worth it?
Which Vanguard IRA fund should I buy?
Would this house be a bad investment?
Looking for somewhere other than stocks/etfs/bonds to put a little extra money that doesn't tie it up for the long run. Ideas?
Is my Roth 401k a good vehicle to save for a house?
Boyfriend has trouble with finances and this has caused a lot of stress in our relationship. Advice/Reactions/Input to his situation?
ROTH 401k vs Traditional 401k - effective tax rate tipping point?
How to stop a pre authorized debit?
How should I be investing if I want to retire early?
[Canada] When to switch from renting to buying?
Is buying a home as a rental property a good idea? (Glendale CA) area.
Paid off my student loans... now what?
American Funds Target Date Retirement Series - Any good for non-savvy investor?
Should I move my 401K investments to a different fund?
Advice on financing an MBA?
Vanguard Admiral vs. Blackrock Global Allocation vs. other?
SEP-IRAs, Solo 401(k) options for part-time entrepreneurs?
How opaque / transparent is the credit review process? Can anyone see how the process works, or are the calculations done behind closed doors?
How much rent can I afford?
I've never rolled a 401k before...what do?
Can I actively trade my VTIVX?
20yrs old with no debt and no credit rating. Can't take out an auto loan so I am trying to figure out the fastest way to build my credit. Any tips?
Should I refinance? Details inside.
When I was a minor, I was very sick and my dad went deeply into debt paying for it. Will I inherit it when he passes?
Got a rewards credit card. How can I resist the urge to buy unnecessary stuff?
I live in SD, have access to $150K, but have to invest it somewhere.. what is the best way to make my money grow?
Reasons NOT to buy down interest rate on existing loan?
I owed money for 2012, but the feds still haven't cashed my check. Should I be concerned that they haven't received it?
If I take a "life time learning" class at the local community college in a field similar to my career, would the tuition be tax deductible?
Considering taking a year off work to raise my kidlet - best resources and advice?
Can someone show me how to dividends?
After expenses, I have $145 left each fortnight. What's the best way to invest or use this money to grow it? [AU]
Should employees max out employee stock ownership?
401k - is this fund's fees high?
Partner's huge law school loans in default, both unemployed. How to start fixing?
How much is too much to contribute to a 401k?
Should I ditch my expensive mutual fund, and reinvest the meager redemption fee?
(CA) Moving to Canada in a year or so. Should I start a 401(k) in the mean time, or what?
Under what circumstances would it make sense to have a taxable stock portfolio and a mortgage at the same time?
Changing Jobs - What should I do with my current 401k?
Girlfriend needs 1 more semester to graduate but can't get a loan for the semester. With no credit, and 30k in student loan debt, what should she do?
Any tax breaks for going back to school as an adult, with free tuition?
Help me juggle some major upcoming expenses? (CA)
Should I use all my PTO, or go unpaid?
Rewards Credit Cards - Are they worth it?
Pay off student loans or Brokerage?
Advice on reallocating money in my taxable investment account?
Which kind of retirement plan would be best for the small business I work for (and for me)?
Making small payments, but hospital bill is going into collections?
Can't get home mortgage, Pay cash and buy now, or wait to improve credit?
Going back to school in Aug. Would deferring my loans now, instead of when school starts, hurt me?
Should I be worried about potential identity theft?
Target “Red Card” – Debit or Credit?
I want to refinance my home mortgage, but it's so complicated. Where do I begin?
Thoughts on Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)?
Best home accounting software to manually enter transactions?
Should pay estimated taxes on $800,000 windfall or wait until 2014?
Need 401K advice: Choice between employer 401k model portfolio and default option. How do I maximize the positives and minimize the negatives? Details-ish inside.
Bank of North Carolina?
What to expect with selling undeclared real estate in a foreign country as far as bringing the money back to the United States?
I'm 14. When should I start seriously thinking about saving, investing, and my future?
Rollover advice: Have old 401k, 403b, and SEP IRAs. Where do I start?
Has my identity been stolen, or is this just some freak accident?
Windfall from rental home sale. Now what?
Any consequences to opening then closing CC accounts (repeatedly) ?
How long to wait before converting a backdoor Roth IRA?
What is the best budgeting app that allows you to actively track your monthly budget and accounts?
What's the best way to transfer money from Brazil to the US?
Does the Citi Forward Student card still treat Amazon as a bookstore?
27yo, $100k income, $57 saved, $14.5k ira, what's next?
Wife Quitting Job, What to do with 401k?
Getting a new credit card?
Do some credit card companies just forgive small monthly statements rather than asking for payment?
Selling my car to get something I can pay cash for?
24/m. Not a business savvy guy. I want to invest in Bonds (municipal or industrial, I think). Help?
Paying for Grad School and SO's Debt?!?
Can my wife and I have two IRA's?
How would one set up a scholarship fund? (USA)
What am I doing with my retirement money?
I was wondering what are some of PF's choices with unexpected money. You get $100 or so extra one month, what are your favorite things to do with that?
Raising my credit?
I'm an Asian not living in America or Europe. I'd like to invest in the best alternative firms like Vanguard. Any suggestion?
Is there a middle-ground between all-out-budgeting and not budgeting at all?
How much house would you recommend?
Temporarily disable 401k deductions to pay off CC/Vehicle loan?
Do any of the available health insurance options actually make financial sense?
19 year old college student with debt hanging over my head, freaking out about credit ratings, what should I do?
I have enough money in savings to pay off a credit card. Should I do so, or keep the money in savings?
[Ask Reddit] Reddit, what sort of financial documents should be kept for record keeping?
My student loans confuse and frighten me -- advice for paying them off on schedule?
Canadian checking accounts charge for debit transactions after a certain number per month. US accounts reward you. Why?
No credit score, can't get a credit card anywhere - medical bill causing problems?
Purpose of savings?
Should I pay down my special-circumstances student loan debt, or start saving for a house?
Pay of high interest student loan with RSUs?
Single Mom, Student Loans In Default- Pay Nothing For I5 Or $50 For I9 Removal?
I'm a college student applying for a credit card. How do I count annual income and rent?
What happens to a credit card auto-payment when you pay the balance early?
What are the pros and cons to an FHA refinance loan?
To pay mortgage loan ASAP or not?
Going to College in the fall and can't pay close to the cost, help?
28 y/o, married, recently opened Roth IRA, what else should I be doing and how?
My company is forcing me to pay $100/mo in parking. Can they do this?
Is a mortgage even possible?-wall of text
Has anyone here ever attempted to best cost average pet ownership by say dog, cat, or bird?
Can someone tell me if my plan is correct?
What would you do here: Pay your car off or pay min on car &amp; focus on credit (at 0%)?
Are 'pending' transactions accurate? I just saw a $100 charge for gasoline on my statement. My '96 Civic can't even handle that much gas...
Does checking my credit score on a site like freecreditscore.com affect my credit score?
Graduating college, getting married soon. How plausible is it to live solely on one income while entirely saving another?
Okay so on Mint.com you can list your property. So say I own a bicycle I bought for $500 and add it to my list of property. The only issue is that assets have a constantly changing value due to depreciation. So is their anyway to link that assets to a fair market price?
Affordable housing restrictions?
New College Grad. How can I set myself up for the future?
Salary Negotiation: What counts?
Trying to get serious about my finances. How am I doing?
Anyone else having trouble with Mint updating Sallie Mae accounts?
30yo, Just broke even. Whats next?
Just won a Sweepstakes prize, need to file tax 1099?
So I fucked up... My bank account is $150 in the negative, and I won't be able to get it to $0 for 2-3 weeks. My bank doesn't seem to have a fee for leaving it this way, as it's been there for 9 days. What repercussions am I likely looking at for leaving it negative for that long?
Which banks let you create sub-accounts within your savings to put toward specific goals?
How does hiring a CPA work? To what extent can I "interview" them?
Open CC Accounts I'm Not Aware Of?
How to deal with financial fallout from break-up? Starting over. Please see thread for specifics.
Qualified for a $5,500 subsidized federal loan for college, should I take the whole loan?
young , in debt , what are options, bankruptcy?
My partner and I are moving in together, and both of us are debt-free. Advice?
Worth holding onto an EE bond?
My Unsubsidized Loan has 6.8% IR. My father tells me to get it "adjusted." Is this possible?
Bankruptcy or frugal living?
Should I go to trucking school?
Need to move out of state for family reasons, but would like to see if current director, who is retiring in a few weeks, can help connect me with a job In new location. Is there a tactful way of going about this?
About to start university in the Fall; financially tight—what are my options for paying tuition?
Is there a good place to see my Credit Score for free?
Any advice on what to change?
How should I save for a second home (assuming I will rent out my current home)? Where should I save, what do I need to know about the home buying process, etc.?
Should I get a line of credit? (CA)
Just graduated at 32, been working for a year. Should I start paying off debt ASAP or make my payments for a year? 50,000 in debt. (CA)
Buy a House? Steps? Expenses?
What is a good debt to income ratio?
Is 160k in student loans ever worth it?
underwater house, unsafe area, what options do I have?
Family issue gave me no choice but to take a year off school, now I can't afford to pay loans, advice?
should I take a personal loan to pay off my credit cards?
In a CC part-time, and a $24k job. How will I transfer to a full-time Uni?
Small Loan To Pay Off University Debt for Transcripts...?
Student Loans: How much to borrow?
One index fund or two? ETF or mutual fund? Dollar cost averaging?
At 29 yo, how should I split contributions to my employer sponsored 401k and Roth 401k? Evenly? More toward the Traditional or more toward Roth? What are the benefits of investing more in one vs the other?
Debt-filled second high profile degree after debt-free first degree?
[Advice] At a loss...How do you change careers, start anew, when you're already in a mountain of debt?
Any YNAB (youneedabudget) gurus here? I have a question about a discrepancy between my budget and available funds. picture within.
cash in life insurance for a house down payment?
So (without too much personal info) what's your job? Are you happy with your salary?
Renting or Buying?
Is it good to keep a low balance on credit cards?
I am saving for retirement, but am also making monthly payments on old debts. What should I do?
$36,000 in debt, monthly income of $1,600. Am I doing this right?
Paying off old collection debts?
Best place to learn about Stock Options?
I see the advice "Go work in the oil fields" thrown around here often. How legitimate is the advice? Has anyone ever resolved their debt this way?
Am I hoarding to much cash?
Is there a reliable PPP chart or cost of living comparison for different cities or countries?
Nationwide uses 8% ROI to try to convince me not to cashout 401-k; ethical or no?
Work very hard and have $10,000 debt for 4 years of college, or have it easy and have $20,000 debt?
I have $10,000, what should I do with it?
Going to college next year and haven't gotten any money from the government, how should I pay for college?
Just got a part-time job and started being financially responsible, should I get a saving account?
how big of a spread between investment returns and interest rates on debt is the breakeven point where you are neutral between putting money towards each?
What kind of salary bump can you expect for promotions and moving cross-company?
Doctor's office and Insurance fighting over bills - am I about to get screwed?
How do I persuade Capital One Canada to change my credit card?
Is filing bankruptcy w/out representation feasible?
Undergrad under my belt, starting Graduate School in the fall. I'm engaged and have no idea how to budget. Help?
How do I work out the kinks in regards to sharing finances with my fiancee? Help me, oh kind Redditors.
Brother is in a financial mess, what can I do to help?
Can I afford to buy a home and should I?
Escrow: Yes or No?
College student rejected for a credit card. Now what?
How do I live off a small ($20,000 per year) graduate student stipend without going into debt? (US)
I'll be $270,000 in debt once I graduate from veterinary school in two years. I'm just starting to think realistically about how I'm going to pay it all back. Does this preliminary approach sound okay?
Advice please! Pay off credit card, or maintain assets?
which of these vanguard mutual funds would be good to invest 3k into?
Two job offers with different CoL. What is the realistic break even point?
Go back to school or stay out of debt?
Why does the Power company think my credit is 276 and the online tool says im at 550?
Law school grad with 296k in student loans... Help me help myself?
Anyone familiar with balance credit counseling?
[ADVICE] Investing my money?
Need a down payment for a house. Can/Should I use my 401k?
How do you calculate your rainy day fund needs?
(CA) This might sound like a stupid question, but is mint.com actually secure?
Working in France for three months, should I open a Euro denominated bank account? (FR)
(CA) Salary re-negotiation advice? I got "promoted" and I'm not sure how to tackle this.
Ideas for utilizing ESPP?
Free college tuition, but already have a job. Should I take advantage?
I am clueless about finances. Can my fiance and I live comfortably off 45k per year?
Single, 26, starting 2 year masters program, $15k savings, no debt, will be living at home - best way to go about this?
Prioritizing my payments - am I doing this right?
The Account Activity page of my bank's website lists a charge as occurring on a particilar day, but I know I spent the money the day before. Is this a common error?
I don't feel I am getting any value from my financial adviser. Is there another option without the hefty fees?
Denied for a student credit card, only credit history is student loans; is this typical?
Personal loan used to payoff Auto loan that is at a much higher interest rate?
Met with a CFP, he told me "a [well-chosen] money manager can outperform index funds". Thoughts?
How should I talk to my little brother about the dangers of bad spending habits during college without being preachy?
Will changing my (student) Discover More card to a Discover It knock down my credit?
Consolidation Loan from a friend, fixed interest low term. Good idea?
Does this exist?
My parents are against me taking out student loans, but are driving themselves bankrupt to pay for my college. Help?
Can I finance a car purchase with a thin-file credit history?
Best way to approach my debt situation?
I think I've got my bases covered, am I missing something? (CA)
$160,000 salary in the DC area. Should I rent or buy?
How do I find out who I owe money to?
Should I close a store credit account w $0 balance?
I've gotten different advice: leave a small balance on my credit card to build credit or pay it off entirely?
When and how do I stop relying on my parents for support?
How should I deal with cash savings?
Do I legally have to declare my net worth to Edward Jones to open an account to claim an inheritance? Is it ethical/legal to hold up another beneficiary's account until I do?
What's the proper way to go about getting a collections account off of my credit report?
How much is the typical medical insurance premium when you are self-employed or not employed in the US?
Can my identity be stolen if the person accountable just has my credit card number? Not sure if this is the right subreddit...
How do lenders get away with this?
"L2C" Credit Score?
I'm a student trying to pay off loans and save. Which is a higher priority?
When do you stop contributing to a 401(k)?
When do flexible spending cards report your high balance to credit bureaus?
Can someone explain IBR and PSLF more simply please?
Can I leverage my commercial dealings with my bank to get a better deal for me personally?
My ex-husband was assigned by our divorce judge to pay off one of my credit cards. My credit report has revealed that he's never made a single payment. What can I do?
How to get on track with uncooperative spouse?
My credit got SCREWED. What to do?
I only make about $15k per year, what should I do now to start good habits?
What's a good savings account to open for my emergency fund?
When to file bankruptcy?
Starting college late? (At 23)
How can a 17 year old open a Roth-IRA?
Graduating and have a job. How do you save for the events of life?
I need help establishing credit, what are my options?
Acct. fall off credit report after first delinquency date, true or false? Source?
For allocation purposes, is there any difference between SIMPLE and traditional IRAs?
Bad credit, what do next?
I'm in a low tax bracket and my employer doesn't match. Should I be investing in a 401(k)?
401k for Single Person Company?
Should I pay off my College loans, or buy a car?
Do you ever get the urge to go to the bank, and hold all of your money? Is this possible without having to withdraw / redeposit?
(CA) About to move into new apartment. Is it a good idea amid my student loans? I'm freaking out. Wall of text warning.
Will a credit union loan build my credit score?
Any advice for a soon to be college grad with $13k in student loan debt?
26 years old, full-time job, no 401k. What's the best way to save for retirement on my own?
Recent grad: Make $26k/yr, $12k in credit debt, $25k in loans... only $300 in savings. Plan of attack?
Can/should I rollover my 401k into my TSP?
Did any of you choose your career strictly based on salary, and how has that worked out so far? Any regrets or advice for young people?
As a college bound student how should I manage my savings?
Which is the best option?
Worked online for about ~2 years, Should of paid taxes this year, I think. But, I didn't yet. How much will I owe?
How do you know when you should switch jobs?
Just turned 18 and I want to get a credit card to help my credit. Which should I get?
Anyone know of any free online personal finance courses?
What is one piece of advice you would give someone 5 years younger than you?
Is it a good idea to use a credit card for every day purchases, so long as the full amount is paid off at the end of each month? (UK)
50-30-20: What counts as savings?
California redditors, do you know anything about the tax implications of buying a car from a family member?
Which credit card is going to give me the most back?
I'm 18, going to UGA next year, and I have no real interests - no clue what I want to do with my life. So...where's the money?
Does anyone know anything about CreditKarma.com?
To what extent is a complete lack of financial intelligence the reason there's lots of poverty and a weak middle-class? Is there any truth to not feeling sympathy for the poor?
Where to put medium-term money?
Anyone know about Serve by American Express?
Should I cash in my bonds?
Can having a messed up checking account in the past prevent you from signing up for a new one?
Best personal finance apps?
How do I avoid getting a bad attitude about saving?
Does the yearly $3,000 tax deduction for stock losses make risky bets a good idea?
Emergency fund building vs. aggressively paying off student debt?
[Advice Needed]Pay off student debt or put it in 401K/Roth IRA?
What should I do with this petty $300 a month after expense?
Do employer 401K contributions count towards the annual limit?
What's your take on this situation?
Does anyone know of a service for creating loans to family members, and having them affect credit?
How am I doing so far? What should I change? What do I need to think about?
How to cash a CVS Moneygram Moneyorder as a minor?
Should I go $40K in debt to go to a better college?
How should I maximize my savings?
Thoughts on credit card autopay?
Honest Question: Would it be less expensive in the long run for me to start a new life somewhere outside the US? For example: England or Canada.
How do I start saving for retirement?
Canada - Self Employed - What is a RRSP do I need one?
Student Loan Delinquency?
I am 19, No one has really taught me where to begin putting my money from my job. Any suggestions? (CA)
Advice wanted. Should I establish an IRA or purchase my first home on the way to becoming a landlord?
When do you ask for a credit limit increase?
[Advice] Investing in Utilities?
30yo. Earning AUD$80k p/a. A single ‘investment’ property going nowhere. Where do I go from here? (AU)
Financial situation as of today, how do I stand? Where should I improve?
New mortgage, mortgage company doesn't offer a bi-weekly payment option, what options to I have? (US)
Private party loan, fixed interest, low term. Is this a good idea?
Career Progression in Software Engineering?
1 Year Post Graduation – Finances Are Under Control – Now What? :S (CA)
Anyone used Personal Capital?
Acceptable uses for Emergency Fund? (UK)
How hard is it to get a personal loan?
ESPP: Wait for Qualified Disposition ?
Is it worth it doing company stock options?
How do I get my inheritance?
How many banks to talk to when looking for a mortgage?
About to sell a house, what do we do with the capital (c. £100k) for 2 years? (UK)
Where to put extra money?
Participate in company ESOP plan?
Quitting my job, what to do with current 401k investment?
Should I sell my house and buy a new one to spend less? [x-post from r/frugal]
How soon can I retire?
Sentimental about bank accounts?
Should I use my 401k if it has high fees?
Can 401K be rolled into an IRA?
You somehow acquire $1,000. You are not a wealthy person, but you manage to pay your bills. What is the best thing to do with the $1,000?
Is there a way to refinance my house with bad credit?
Advice on refinancing home, 30-year to 15-year?
can i get around roth ira income limits by using 401k?
Becoming debt-free: digging up old debts?
Cheapest, smartest way to travel overseas?
Shouldn't everyone simply be putting their extra money in index funds?
Is there any way we can get unemployment for this?
What's PF's opinion of Simple?
My student loans have gone in default. What are my best options for getting out of default?
I make 42k a year, and my take home appears to only be 28.3k. Is this right? Is there something I should be doing differently?
Coming up for 30 and worried about finances. Help with next step?
When Has Your Emergency Fund Saved the Day? Mortgage Refi Disaster Adverted!
Better to spend earned money now or save it for later in life?...A personal finance sanity check.
What budgeting software do you use?
How to relocate Roth IRA (CD) balance from BofA to another company ?
High Student Loans 100K+ - has anyone tried to sign up for community college classes in order to defer student loan interest?
Tips to trick myself into saving money or at least make me more aware?
Fixing my credit?
My Mom is on a really bad 403(b) plan where the school district she works for doesn't match any payments, what are some good alternatives?
What are your best and financial decisions so far?
22, just graduated college with a BA in Marketing. No debt. Have a part time job but am searching for full. Any suggestions on financing?
I'm a CPA that created a free Android app that aims to make saving money as easy as possible. What's your opinion?
Maintaining an emergency fund vs. paying off student debt?
Is there a one stop shop for credit reports and scores without a monthly membership?
As people who are clearly interested in accumulating capital, how much do you donate to charity (if any) and why?
I am trying to get my back taxes in order, and submitting to voluntary disclosure programs. Is there a federal equivalent?
ERISA compliance -- employer telling me to reduce 401(k) withholdings to 5.75%?!
Online-Only bank customers (e.g. Ally): How do you deposit cash?
How to see fee transactions?
Term Life Insurance?
Starting a new savings account - stay with current bank or move to a new one?
Once I turn 18 I want to open my own bank account. What bank should I use?
Am I allowed to take out a student loan and use it to consolidate my personal debt? (Or: How I'm totally stupid PF-wise)
Why does everyone recommend a Roth IRA over 401k?
What are my best retirement investment options?
Is there any benefit to paying off this Stafford Subsidized Student Loan?
Views of my credit report by credit card companies?
Golden Handcuff Advice?
Currently maxing out my 401K contributions @ 15%. Should I drop to my company match and use the difference to pay off my mortgage?
Possible identity theft, advice?
[20yo College stud.] A gifttrust matured; how can I keep it ready for when I graduate?
401k...Moving funds from employer ESOP to target date fund. Getting a 'warning' message that I don't understand. Help?
Please help me help her - child prodigy girlfriend loses everything, accepted at Columbia, can't afford it. Help?
I opened a vanguard account with shares in an index fund..can i transfer this to an ira?
Please help me help her - girlfriend loses everything, accepted at Columbia, can't afford it. Help?
My wife and I both work full time and file as married claiming 0. Every year we owe hundreds of dollars to the state of Oklahoma. Can anyone help me figure out why?
Is it worth paying extra for an apartment if it means I will gain networking opportunities?
Where do I go from here? No debt, max 401k
Pay off credit card immediately, or keep building savings account and then pay it off?
$600 student loan monthly payment for undergrad, but I want my Master's. Worth it or not?
Getting hitched soon. Want to keep finances as separate as possible. How to do this?
30k in savings... no debt... what should I do to use this to my advantage?
Is investing 7000$ worth the wait for me?
What can a college student making almost nothing do now to save for the future? Also, tax advice.
Roth IRA: Is it more beneficial to contribute early in the year rather than later ?
18 years old, $7k cash on hand. What is my best bet?
What steps should I take to responsibly handle my finances?
Selling off ESPP shares immediately - good or bad?
Won't using mint.com violate the terms of service agreement with most banks?
401k to Roth IRA rollover - what taxes do I owe?
What are the best online classes for investing and personal finance?
21 year old, 2 years left in college, parents paid for school, what should I do with my paychecks this summer?
Any chance to find out who a credit card withdrawal is made to?
How many degrees should I get? (No, seriously.)
Considering mimicking target date fund on my own because I like the idea, but not the expense ratio. Is 0.78% that bad?
My credit card has been sitting maxed or near-maxed for about a year. ($1500) How badly is this hurting my credit? (CA)
My mutual fund(NICSX) is at the highest it has been, should I reinvest somewhere else?
Should I rollover my Roth IRA to a vanguard account?
we are considering buying a cheap rural property now and building equity and moving there in like 5 years. is this a good idea? (ca)
Is there a retirement calculator that lets you factor in big expenses (student loans, mortgage, etc.) when projecting your retirement savings?
If I am working to become an accredited investor, should I avoid buying a house?
Younger brother is graduating with engineering degree, no debt, and possible job that allows him to live at parents house for now. What advice do I give him?
Where do you guys keep your emergency/saving account?
Have you attended a financial workshop before that you got invited to in the mail? What was the subject and what was your experience?
How/where can I borrow $700 quickly without resorting to a payday loan?
What to do with an extra couple hundred?
Father has offered to claim me as a dependent again so that I can keep my medical insurance. Is this viable?
I have 83k in student loans - how should I handle them?
Credit check - is it worth it to notify Equifax, etc. of current contact info, job title, etc?
Laughable 401k balance/earnings. What should I do?
Tax implications on withdrawing principal from a taxable account?
$90k burning a hole in my pocket... is it time to suck it up and hire an advisor?
What is the best credit card out there for transferring my current credit card debt?
My parents are paying triple the value of their home each month and nearing retirement. Will I inherit their mistakes?
took a calculated risk and it's working. what is my next step?
Why invest in bonds at all? Independent study with lots of numbers.
Living in Cali and working in Nevada, will I take a big hit? Should I do it?
Are there any other stores beside Sams Club that only accept Mastercard for Discover?
When a mutual fund displays its returns (YTD, 1yr, 3yr, 5yr, etc), are those the net returns after their fees?
How horrible an idea is this? Cashing out my retirement fund to pay off credit cards while switching jobs
Advice for looking into private student loans?
Advice? Our E-fund could pay off my student loan...
How does one even start the process of getting these debt settlement "deals"?
How to balance retirement contributions and saving for a house (and how to even save for a house)?
I want to build a house from the ground-up. How do I get a mortgage?
Refi rental home? Need advice please.
Can't get a auto loan, help/info?
Question about defaulting on student loans?
How to plan for 2013 income taxes?
How to build credit as college student without a credit card or previous credit history?
If you had $1000 to freely invest [or do whatever] what would you do with it?
How do Millionaires Pay Less in Taxes?
Which American bank would you recommend?
$5000 line of credit not being used - keep it or get rid of it? (CA)
Move out of managed funds to reduce fees?
Should this subreddit have a weekly open debt counseling threadd?
Buy a home soon or wait a few more years?
Trying to figure out the best strategy for saving for retirement? Would like some insight. Thanks!
I have 2 open HSA accounts with ~$1500 between the two and am no longer eligible to contribute, options?
Buy a house or keep renting??? May relocate in a few years...
My score is 600, and I JUST paid off the last collections account. Should we ignore her 15k + in collections or work on that first?
I'm an idiot. I forgot that my only company had a 401(k) and I contributed to an IRA. Besides back taxes, what happens to the IRA(US)?
Should I open a secured personal loan in order to build credit?
Am I an idiot for not participating in my work's employee stock purchase program?
Got a Macy's CC. Credit score dropped by 20. Used only once and paid off immediately. Will closing the account bring my score back up?
Have you sold or purchased a home without a Realtor or Buyer's Agent? How did that work out for you?
Is it a bad idea to exclusively use the Vanguard LifeStrategy funds?
Does my wife's credit impact my score? (separate accounts everywhere, nothing is joint except one utility)
Want to open a Roth IRA, but might move in the near future?
Is a refinance on a car loan a good idea?
Help! Creative solutions for increasing my income with a full-time job and fixed expenses?
What is one Financial related quote that hit you like a ton of bricks?
I'm 25, married, 2 car payments, student loans and saving for a house. Too much, too fast?
40k in savings, what should I do considering my future goals?
Switching Jobs, what should I do with 401(k)?
How to invest extra money?
How do I acquire an old 401K from a defunct company? Specifically, KB Toys.
I recently graduated, got a poorly paying job and am trying to make the best of my financial situation. Please help?
"Why Invest in Bonds At All?" Answer:
~35k saved ~2.5k in bad debts, what to do?
Another "I'm a 25 year old...please help!" post. What's the best way for me to start saving my money?
Where can I find my credit score?
How do I start investing?
Does anyone know of a good credit union in New York City?
Why Invest in Bonds at All? Now updated with pictures.
Cash-out re-fi. Not sure of my best option. Any advice?
Leaving my job to go back to school. Do I need to do something with my retirement funds?
Are the principles of "tax-efficient allocation" always true?
College student traveling to China for 6 months. Should I get an international credit card?
Who to refinance my house with?
"It takes money to make money" - What are ways you've found to save money because you have money?
So, I'll be a college student next year, and on Monday my Pell Grant was increased by a FA Officer. However, last night it went back down to almost nothing. Is this a mistake?
After maxing my IRA, how can I increase my personal investments gains with low taxes?
I have 6K loan @ 1.9% APR. I have cash to pay it off. Should I pay it off or make regular monthly payment?
Good savings accounts?
Entering second year of college; how much debt is too much debt?
Entering second year of college; how much debt is too much?
Had Deferment on Loans. Credit score plummeted. Could it be disputed?
I am an authorized user on my mom's card, and I am a minor. Does this get reported to the credit agencies?
Has anyone used REITs as a form of supplemental income?
I have enough money to buy a car outright, but I've never had credit cards or debt to get a credit score. Would it be worth buying one on finance to improve my credit?
401(k) fees. Who exactly am I paying?
Do I owe estimated tax?
First credit card?
What would be best to do with my employer-gifted stock options, especially considering that the stock (WFM) is going to split?
My parents know absolutely nothing about investing, and they keep on getting persuaded by bankers to invest their money. How can I keep them informed?
how does selling a house with a mortgage work? and refinancing a car?
Daily Show parody telling kids not to go to college isn't actually bad advice at all. Has anyone on this sub put your liberal arts degree to any good use?
Is it worth changing from annuities to mutual funds at 60 years old?
Planning an early retirement, suggestions?
Finished with DMP - What CC should I apply for?
Advice on closing my first ever credit card which I rarely ever used? (CA)
(AU) With interest rates going down in Australia, is now the time to purchase USD?
Advice on setting up portfolio? - 27, Married w/ child, and the majority of my savings sits in a .5% interest checking account
What are some good indexes if i'm looking for higher risk, higher potential return?
College kid that wants to start saving. Family and friends are no help. Any advice?
Why open an IRA before starting investments?
Make Money Online - get paid instantly to your paypal, payza, solidtrustpay account! http://turbopayplan.com/?ref=MARKINCOME2
Moving and First Home buyer. Should I get an FHA or rent for a bit and save up for a conventional loan?
Mom in late 50's, getting divorced and downsizing to a smaller apt. What can she do to prepare for her future?
Should I sell my shares of Standard Register?
What to do about job postings with DOE or TBD?
Pay down student loans or mortgage first?
What does /r/personalfinance think about divestment?
what should I do with 150-200k when job security is an issue and housing is insanely expensive in my city?
Has anyone paid or looked into paying off a student loan with a credit card? Need sources - also student loan experts and/or activists
I successively disputed an item on my report from Experian, will that item be removed from Transunion and Equifax or do I have to do the same thing with those two?
Can I have an account in a credit union being a legal temporary worked in the US? (MX) Xpost /r/frugal
I want to finally start budgeting and stop living check to check. What's the best way to do this while making 100% commission (no guarantee pay)? Any good spreadsheets out there?
What is the process for exercising employee stock options? What can I expect?
How do credit bureaus feel about consultants versus employees? Do they favor employees more, due to stability?
Already Paid the Load. Should I Stay or Should I Go?
Should I pay off current debt and take loans later, or keep my current debt to reduce future loan amount (3 months away)?
Dilemma: Increase 401(k) contribution %, or maintain % but put part in Roth?
Being garnished, and then a sudden and unexplained stop. Does that mean trouble?
This may not be the right subreddit to ask, but what kind of financial advice would you recommend for a fresh college grad who is trying to save up to move to a "city?"
How can I diversify my assets? Currently 90% invested in stocks.
Fund choices a good choice?
Moving student loans away from Sallie Mae?
Just opened my first CC with BoA, the rep gave me some advice for getting a good credit score, but I'm kinda wary of them. Was he correct?
I hate the idea of renting. Am I crazy to look into buying a condo?
What to do with kids' college money? (US)
I'm confused about retirement planning and saving...where should I put my money after I have maxed my Roth each year? (The debate around 401ks has really confused me)
I have no income, but have some money to invest, what taxes are involved besides capital gains?
What happens if I just stop paying Sallie Mae and move to another state without telling them?
Increase credit limit or open a new card?
20 yrs old. Sophomore in college. ~100k yearly income for the next two years. What should I do?
Better consolidated investment tracking online than mint.com?
Is it better to contribute to a 401K with match or pay off student loans?
How long do collection agencies/banks/etc keep their records?
Credit card: pay off before or after monthly statement?
How can I get rid of an unauthorized hard credit pull made by bank?
Should I buy a car cash? (Canada)
What do I need to know before refinancing? In California but any good advice welcome.
How to move out of my parent's house?
Any reason that I can't retire now?
TD e-Series Funds? Good or bad?
What to do when the bank denies your dispute?
What coverage should I select if my wife and I currently have no kids, but may get pregnant later in the year?
What are PF's choices for valuable finance books?
[USA, MI] Do my numbers look right for rent/living expenses?
[Belgium] Smart to buy a property as a 23 year old?
Can someone explain if this balance transfer is a good idea? I have no idea what I'm doing (UK)
Paying off high-interest student loan with lower interest bank loan: Good idea or bad idea?
Should i buy??
What can I do better?
Young (23) and in my first career position with a solid pay. Would you do anything differently?
Small income, increasing expenses. Am I okay?
Thoughts on investing while not having built up a full 6 month emergency fund &amp; carrying cc debt?
can you help me create a budget? I have a varying income. salary plus bonus
State (WA) Prepaid 529 Program or Investment-based 529?
19, 5k in student loans, no degree and trying to move out... help?
New job = pay off student loan immediately / over time?
To pay Student Loans or Pay Tuition?
Where should my emergency fund be invested?
PF advice for non-US (based) people? What are the concepts (not the particulars) behind Roth IRA plans and how can we use them in other territories?
I know I will lose my income in one year. How much in "emergency" fund?
Received a letter about a recent credit card application (that I never applied for): possible identity theft?
Are those gas station cards worth using?
$12,000 in student loans, but my family's financial situation has changed dramatically since graduation. What can I do?
Planning to buy a house... what do I need to do/prepare?
I feel stupid asking this, but will splitting money into two identical accounts earn less interest than putting all the money into one account?
Buying a house- should we spend money now to save money later?
So how much to I need to retire by 55?
Maxed out my TFSA, dump money in RRSP? What kind of investments? (CA)
23 years old, just received a 40% raise, no debt. Recommendations for 5, 10, 20 year goals?
26 and starting over - what can I do better?
Is there any index fund "simulator"?
bank/credit union choices?
Gerber Life Insurance?
How widely accepted is Amex in Europe?
Trying to pay of my student loans... Which one should I tackle first and anything else I should know?
My credit card keeps rejecting my payments scene i switched banks. Should i transfer my balance to my new bank?
How to do forecasts in YNAB?
So it turns out that I have a credit score of 803, what can I do with it?
How much money did you have saved before you moved out onto your own? Was it enough? If not, how much would you recommend?
Is it a solid investment of my time to take a job that is only 5 hours a week, 1 hour a day, $8.95 an hour, but reimburses $3000/year for school tuition? Some numbers inside.
Any advice for a retirement fund?
Does my budget make sense?
What should I do with my pension funds once I withdraw them and how much should I be saving outside of pension contributions?
Why not invest emergency funds?
Fiance and I are trying to rebuild our credit. What should we do?
How do I make sense of my dad's complicated annuity statement?
Should I cash in and sell my collection now or wait?
Credit Reports - Unpaid vs Closed?
How do I figure which loan to start paying off first?
Steady Job, frugal-ized my life, currently living with family - is it wise to purchase a condo based on my current financial situation?
Am I making a mistake? (Vehicle purchase)
After choosing the type/allocations of investments in your retirement account, do you look into anything besides fees when picking which specific one?
So, I just got a new job. Deciding on whether or not I could afford a better apartment. Help?
What's the best way to use your AMEX points? [xPost from /r/answers]
What other options should I consider for savings\investments other than an IRA?
Should I buy a car to keep the higher end account on my credit report?
I have $300,000. Was made redundant at work. What should I do?
How big of a hit did you take in the 2007-2008 impact on the market?
Finally fixing my debts, need some repayment advice? (CA)
I'm a Junior in College and have just now realized how much money I have wasted. I have zero debt and enough money to get by comfortably, what can I do?
Multiple credit line increases?
I'm worried about my industry (music/hiphop, non-creative side). Anything I can do (in terms of investments) to hedge against job loss?
Should my father file bankruptcy?
Attempting to find Private Loans as a graduate student. Advice?
Got 700 for graduation...now what?
Should I ditch my financial adviser?
Should I sell my car even though it's paid off?
Shortcut to retirement goal - take it or not?
I'm 26, wondering about retirement and rallying to make a career change. Can I get some advice?
Very poor credit. Never used a credit card or bought anything with credit. How can I get a credit card to help build my credit?
How much should I expect to pay in taxes for Roth IRA?
What is this strange account on my credit report?
Can my old E/EE Savings Bonds rollover to my kids education investments with out paying taxes?
21 years old, looking to build credit. Small personal loans? Secured credit card? What methods are available to me?
Which credit card should I get? I'm student transferring this year.... (more info in text)
[USA] Best Strategy to rid myself of PMI?
Best site to send money to friends?
401K: New job, matches 50% up to 6% of annual salary, how much should I contribute?
Should I pay off my student and car loans now?
Why the American obsession with credit scores and credit history? (CA)
Should I open a roth IRA, or max my annuity from work?
How much in savings vs portfolio?
Lump sum invest or incremental?
How bad is having student loans? (80k+)
Selling a vehicle, still owe the bank money. What's the best way to handle this?
When to start rebuilding credit?
Can I exchange my secured credit card for a rewards credit card without taking a hit on my credit score?
I'm a nurse with the ability to job hop until I find the right career in the right place. In the meantime, how should I handle my savings? (401K, Roth, etc)
I make 120k a year and have no money. What the heck am I doing wrong?
Run my own business and make different amounts each month, having a very hard time budgeting. Help?
What should I do with my yen? (JP/US)
Best way to increase a credit score?
How much of an emergency fund could I need?
Is apy the most important thing when considering a bank for maximum savings?
Student Loans (135K) consolidation? advice?
Help me choose, My car needs a $1,400 repair. Now or later?
How do you mix your retirement savings?
Traditional 401(k) and ROTH 401(K) - What should I be doing?
Help me fix my budget?
To owners of VTIAX, how much in foreign tax credits does this Vanguard fund generate per year?
Total loss paid by insurance - what does this look like on my credit?
Keeping Whole Life Insurance? (Pre-existing condition)
What do you do on those 3 paycheck months?
Help me with my taxes please? I'm not sure what I am doing. [xpost /r/tax]
Fee Based Advisor or Go It Alone?
Apologies if it's been asked here before, but can anyone recommend a good credit card for earning travel miles?
How to determine term life needs?
Am I playing with fire? (Diversification)
Best iPhone apps for saving money/budgeting?
Keep investments or pay off mortgage?
To what extend should I proportion cash and investments in my savings?
91k+ a year, 27 years old, lets budget?
Putting 8% of my paycheck towards retirement, no 401(k) match... too much?
I'm 17. What can I do with the paychecks from my minimum wage job to help my financial future?
Paying off a personal CU loan soon, how will it affect my credit?
Will be starting a job with ~30% travel; how should I arrange my housing?
Can I afford a new car?
36 yrs old, 520K net worth. Renter. Your perspective?
Is there any reason why I shouldn't roll my 401(k) from my former employer to an IRA?
All of a sudden, federal withholding tax? Are my wages being garnished? Any advice would be much appreciated.
How to have the least amount of taxes taken from your paycheck?
Next loan payoff?
19 year old confused about financial situation. How/where do I rein in the expenses?
25, male, ~$40k. What should I do with my money? (S. Korea)
This fall is my first year of college. How do I get started on paying?
My employer is being bought out. Should I sell my stocks?
I want to start a TR 2055 (Roth) with Vanguard but the stock shares are at an all time high at $28.02 each. Better to buy or wait?
Parents spent every dollar so it took me a while to figure things out. Now I am 42 married with kids and saving is fine but I never looked into how well I was investing. Could I be doing more?
Order of loan repayment - by highest interest rate or most interest accrued?
Selling home soon. How do taxes work?
Is there an online calculator for figuring out how much money I'm saving by over-paying my mortgage payments?
My partner has the cash to buy a 35-45k car outright after his got totaled. What about financing it at a low interest rate and putting the "Saved" money into the market instead? Is this a stupid idea?
Unknown account on my FICO report. What should I do?
Applying for credit card for balance transfer?
24 year old, what's my next move?
Safety net, check. Roth IRA, check. No loans/debt/car payments. 7k extra sitting in savings. Want to do something risky with it... any suggestions?
How can I pay for college if my parents are refusing to help?
What's the best and easiest site to check your credit score?
Recently came into $15K, what do i do going forward?!
I have 2K that I won't need for at least 2 years. What's the best place to put this money for maximum return?
Can PayPal touch my credit score?
Start Roth IRA or Pay off Car?
Tax Return - Which card to pay off?
Wife and I might move to Canada in a few years. Should I bother opening an IRA?
Retirement Calculations, or, How Much Should I Have Saved by Now?
Take out 401k to pay off credit card debt and down payment on a house?
Parents set me up with a brokerage account.. is this my best option?
I've got the basics covered. Where do I go from here? (Or: help me do something with $100k)
Any advice on choosing where to move retirement funds to?
Keep paying this vehicle at 6.79% or trade in for 0%?
Can I use the Chase Saphire Preferred card to pay off student loans and get the 40,000 signup points?
Buying used car with high credit utilization ?
End of undergraduate freshman year, I am refusing my parent's money and taking up a loan. Where do I start?
(Math) at what point does a Greater Immediate Tax Savings &lt; A Lesser Total Value Invested Over Time?
Do co-signers have any rights??
Traveling to S.Korea, don't have a travel credit card; what should I do to avoid foreign transaction fees?
Can I move my existing holding of stocks and ETF from my brokerage account to a Roth IRA?
Unused but open credit cards -- keep them or close them out?
Do I contribute to 401k even if my company doesn't match?
I want to buy a rental property. What do I need to know and what are the pitfalls to avoid?
(US) Where to start with funds?
I have a debt owed I want to attempt to settle. What is a good percentage of the debt to shoot for?
Should I close a recently-opened balance transfer card after I pay it off?
Retiring in my early 30's with 300k, how realistic is it?
How accurate is glassdoor.com?
Thinking about taking out a student loan to cover living expenses. Is this a good idea?
What is the fastest and easiest way to get cash for your car?
I want to buy a house in roughly a year ---advice?
Best ways to take my credit score from middling to great?
where/what SEP/IRA should I let me money sit in?
Using Credit Card to Store Savings?
More money than I know what to do with?
What Is a Cash Advance on Credit Card?
Should I keep paying into this whole life policy?
Am I ready for a Roth IRA?
Pay down student loans or contribute to IRA?
COBRA or Short-Term Catastrophic Coverage?
How to best aid my mother's finances (US)?
"Cashing out" an inherited (traditional) IRA -- am I missing something?
Best place to hold $20k+ for 6-12 months?
Store card, bad idea? Financing furniture.
Best PF Tracking Site?
Roth vs Traditional 401k and how much to contribute in my situation?
Anyone use EverBank?
Building credit long term. Need advice?
Should I pay off all my student loans in one fell swoop?
How should I prepare myself financially for credit, a house purchase, &amp; retirement at the same time?
My mortgage was sold to another bank and my credit score went down?
College Tuition problems...any advice out there?
Can I accidentally over-contribute to 401(k)?
What to do with money from summer internship?
State Tax Lien - can it be removed from my credit report?
Should I sell my house?
How much student loan debt is to much?
Real Talk. Cash out my small 401k?
Should I dispute a card on my credit report or not? I'm unsure.
Do I have to make estimated tax payments following a windfall?
I want to help my mom be able to retire and live a decent life. Help? (USA)
Should I take out a loan to repay this or ride it out?
Inherited a sizeable sum of money, planning to go to professional school within 2 years, any suggestions?
Financial Advice for 19y/o?
I'm 22, maxed my Roth IRA for 2013 and contribute the maximum amount to which my employer matches my 401k, should I max my 401k or seek other forms of investment?
How often should I pay to view my credit score(s)?
How does paying off debt trump capping an IRA?
I have about 60k in debt and can barely make headway to pay it all off. do I cancel and withdraw employer matched rrsp to help pay it? (ca)
Got laid off today. What do I need to be thinking about?
Unpaid medical bill, how do I make this go away?
Will paying off all my credit card debt help me get approved for another credit card?
Invest into retirement accounts or rental properties?
Is this fund too good to be true?
Can I use one weeks pay to estimate monthly income and use this to apply for a credit card?
Uh oh, subaccount end date just passed? Feeling ripped off.
Can I retire right now?
10.62% Interest rate on my girlfriend's student loans made in 2011. This seems high to me. Help?
How to best save for child's education when FAFSA considers all assets...Am I screwing myself by saving?
2600 left on Student Loan, 5700 cash in the bank - should I pull the trigger?
About to graduate college, heading abroad to work. What's the best way I can start saving?
I am new to the credit card world and am using it for work. What should I do?
When is paying off a loan more profitable than investing?
Bank error in my favor? Correct it or no?
Can I roll over a 401(k) &amp; and a ROTH to another ROTH in the same year?
Could someone double check my numbers? I'm 99% sure I missed something.
22 graduate with a 54k job: where should I spread my money?
Is it possible to get student loans when you already have a mortgage?
England for a year- how should I convert $ to £?
What do to when 401K choices are horrible, company doesn't match, and you've already maxed your Roth?
I'm a junior in high school with little/no knowledge about anything to do with money and finance. What should I do, and where can I go to start learning?
Any tips for getting my wife to follow our budget?
Should I roll my IRA into my 457(b) or cash it out and pay off my credit card with it?
How do I avoid letting school break my bank?
How to get credit report for landlord?
So how bad is this? (credit card debt)
Boyfriend's financial situation is difficult. How can he get out of it? It's hard to keep up hope.
Any pros/cons to Roth 401k contributions vs Roth IRA?
Why are most 401K matches as a percent of your income?
Any advice for getting a mortgage with only 1099 income?
Redditors with backdoor IRA's: were you able to e-file your 2012 return and if not why not?
How best to save for a down payment?
What is the best online stock trading website for a starter?
I think Wells Fargo has made a mistake on my student loans. Can I just walk into a bank and ask questions?
Moving for contract work?
For advice regarding a percentage of your salary you should contribute to your retirement, is that including what your employer contributes?
23 New Grad, New Job, 15k in Debt, Options?
How does owning an investment property in a Roth IRA work?
Is investing all about retirement plans? What if I want some money before I'm 60?
If you won the $600 billion Powerball jackpot, what could you (financially) do with it?
Need More Than Index Fund?
Going back to school to obtain a better degree so that I can become HoH. How do I pay for college on top of SO current student loans?
Should I cancel a card?
Free 6months with Financial Engines to rebalance my 401k, good idea?
Does this help credit?
Term life for a child?
Pay down my student loans?
Is there somewhere I can go to get credit advice? (x-post from /r/askreddit)
How to evaluate a fund?
Could anyone recommend me a book to get started on learning how venture capital and "seed money" type high risk / high reward investing works?
29, married, no kids, only student loan debt, what to do with our money?
Does Professional Graduate school ever make financial sense?
I work a 7 days on and 7 off shift. I make $8000/2 weeks. Looking for a business or investment ideas for my off time. What would you do?
Best things to know about selling stock?
Which 401k funds to invest in?
How to treat Stock Options/what are stock options?
Should we go credit-card-less?
Make too much for a Roth IRA?
What should I do with down payment savings that I don't plan on accessing for a year or two?
So Do I Pay My Bills?
Are my priorities correct? Am I putting away too much?
Just got engaged, where/how do we start combining our finances?
Is it worth taking on $100,000 in debt to go back to school to come out with a job that will start at at least around $70k or ...?
If my employer doesn't match any 401k contributions, should I still contribute to it or should I use only an IRA?
The company I work for is offering Simple IRA for the first time. I'm concerned about some of the fees. More information inside... should I be concerned?
In the future, I estimate that I will graduate with $45K in student loan debt. How should I approach paying this off realistically?
Rewards cards for groceries and dining?
Paid off a delinquency on my credit report, and my score went down... wtf?
I got a new job! (My very first) What do I ask while I'm doing paperwork?
Gift for my child?
Tool that shows the specific stocks each Fidelity mutual fund invests in?
When to get a Credit Card?
If I use a credit card that is a join account with my parents, do I build credit?
Should I get a financial adviser?
I have to take out a private loan for $9,941. Any referrals as to where I can get one without cosigning?
How should I divert my funds?
I don't pay taxes in the U.S. How should I invest?
24 years old, employed - should I buy a new car?
Salary/performance review... am I planning on being too aggressive here?
Where can I find a good primer on ETFs?
I Owe /r/PF Thanks, We had Roth IRAs with 1.71% and 1.81% Expense Ratios, Now Switched to Vanguard with 0.18%. Maxing those, now what? Please Help!
Consolidated my student loans......Government outsourced to SallieMae. Questions?
Found Out The Oldest Credit Card I Have, Has A Annual Fee...Should I Cancel?
unbury.me says snowball is better than avalanche (why does this defy my logic?)
Financial planning for aging parents without much savings?
What's the best course of action to ge away from an underwater mortgage to a new home?
Opinions on Lending Club?
What else to invest in besides Vanguard TR?
Did Uncle Sam take too much?
What resources do I have to educate myself on personal finance as a college student with debt?
Why shouldn't I check my credit score?
Bay area, 87k starting salary, software engineer at top tech company; Is this competitive?
I'm sick of my shitty car. What's the best way t6o go about getting a used car loan?
Help getting started with investing?
What are your biggest (financial) regrets?
Paying down a loan or investing ?
How to begin paying off massive school debt? Details about my situation within
Variable Life Insurance: Cash out or stick with it?
How fast should I be building my emergency fund?
New to Investing with 2k - Buying S&amp;P 500 tracking ETF - Good idea?
Is it better to pay down my mortgage (3% interest rate) or to invest in a mutual fund (or other stocks)?
Would getting a secured credit card (for no reason) be good for my credit?
I keep on seeing the posts about 401Ks / ROTH etc, can anyone from Australia guide about superannuation contribution? Starting my first new job. (AU)
Too much in savings; how to put it to work for me?
What rules must an employer follow for a 401k match?
My brother's looking to get his first credit card and is considering the Amazon card. Any reason not to get it?
First Time Budgeting Tips?
How does a Roth IRA work?
Are qualified withdrawals from a Roth IRA (after 59 1/2) added to your AGI when retired?
Hypothetical situation: paying off spouse's significant educational debt. Good idea? Bad idea?
Is a Roth IRA the best place to invest taxed income?
Getting married soon. Thinking about a prenuptial agreement. Good idea?
Should I enroll in my employee stock purchase plan? Critique my portfolio? (21, fairly low income, but no debt)
Max out Roth IRA contributions all at once or space it out over the year?
Are things on my credit report really irrelevent after 7 years?
NPR project - what can you do to earn money on small savings accounts? (link to article)
If I found myself unemployed, would it be better to sell my wife's 2012 Civic and buy something cheaper, or continue making monthly payments on it?
Job Offer, too low?
How much to save in a joint account w/ partner if you have your own accts also?
(I read the FAQ) Just got married. I know there should be some financial consolidation/editing I should be doing. Where to start?
About to graduate college in two months with about $2500 in debt. What now?
My mom (59 years old) received $200k in a divorce settlement. This is here only retirement fund. Should she purchase a house with it?
Paying off student loans with home equity?
If the US economy is rebounding so strongly, why are savings account rates still horrible?
Pay off highest amount due or highest interest?
When is a derogatory account stay on my credit score?
22yo, no debt, broken car. Should I use this as an opportunity to take out a loan and build credit?
What are tips for getting my first credit card?
Credit Collection Services billing me for $0.00?
I've 4.5k in my emergency fund, should I max out my ROTH IRA?
Graduating June with 70k gov't student loan debt. Best way to consolidate / Kill it?(CA)
How to save money working part time?
Upgrading from a Visa to Visa Signature?
Put everything into mutual fund at once or weekly contributions + cash reserve for pullbacks?
Rollover old 403b into a backdoor Roth?
how long before I can roll over 403b?
ROTH IRA (Vanguard) - Is it better to sell then re-buy or just let it keep going?
401K - rollover or cash and invest?
Budgeting help? Goal is to be better at $$ and buy a house next year.
Paying off my car early... Is it worth it?
Does a potential landlord need to see anything besides the credit score on a credit report?
17 years old, what should I do?
Higher pay + boring job or lower pay + exciting job? (xpost r/engineering)
Are you legally allowed to make people work extra hours and not pay them if they're salaried?
What does 'Conversion Out' mean on my 401k?
My parents have 2 store credit card accounts with high utilization and unpaid balances on them that show up on my credit report. Is there any way I can raise my score by taking my name off of these accounts?
Take out personal loan to consolidate debt, or borrow 401k?
Would getting an Amex Gold for the promo offer and then canceling later affect hurt my credit score?
Could someone briefly explain how projected fund growth is determined?
Opening a 529 worth it for company-reimbursed grad school?
Are there any American credit card companies that won't charge an arm and a leg for overseas (Japan) transactions?
Is it possible to start your own collections agency and buy your own debt?
Outdated Credit Reports - Can I do anything?
Is there a downside to having 6 credit cards?
What should a student look for when choosing a bank? (CA)
Cut down my budget for a employee stock purchases?
Why not commingle in Traditional IRA?
Reddit, the divorce destroyed my credit and my bank account. Finally, I now I have the financials to fix it, but do not know where to begin. What steps do I need to take to fix my credit the right way? [x-post from r/askreddit]
How long does it take for a mutual fund order to get filled?
How does one gratefully turn down a job offer?
For those who contribute a max lump sum to your IRA at the beginning of the year, how are you saving/investing that money the previous year?
Tips on building credit for green-card holders?
Can someone advise me on life insurance? My partner's insurance company is trying to sell him a plan and I don't know if it is worth it or if we need it. Details inside.
Is it going to mess with my credit if I can`t pay this month`s credit bill?
Is Vanguard LifeStrategy Growth Fund best for me? Or are there better options?
I was involved in a car accident and somehow managed to get 35 grand after subrogation. What are some intelligent things I can do with it?
I'm a Recent College Graduate Who Will Be Working in a Developing Country Next Year. Should I Start Investing?
Is there a calculator that calculates how much debt your federal loans will accrue to if you go on a deferment where the debt would be forgiven and it shows you how much tax you owe on the forgiven income?
Question to owners of rental properties: how did you start? what does one need to know to evaluate investment - rental properties?
Tax Refund (wrongfully?) Taken By Dept. Of Education. Help!
Is it legal for two people to double-dip expense reimbursement from two different jobs?
Best rewards card in my situation?
What's more important for your credit rating: age of accounts, number of accounts, number of inquiries?
Officially halfway through college and I want to set a savings goal (beyond IRA contribution) essentially as a "get off the ground" fund. How much am I looking at needing? (Washington DC/Baltimore/Maryland)
Can you let me know of some good Vanguard funds?
[AU] Convert AUD to USD immediately?
From a pers. fin. perspective, would a college degree be worth it for me?
Use a personal loan to increase credit score?
Which card should I sign up for? Very new and confused with all this!
7% Automatic Into 403b From Employer. Should I Contribute Nothing Until My Student Loans Are Payed Off?
401k to Roth IRA--Can I roll-over even if I have already made my annual Roth Contribution?
19-Year-Old College Student Here Who Just Reached The $3000 Mark In My Savings Account. What Can I Do To Preserve/Grow This??
Roth IRA, MAGWX?
Case Study! Actively Managed Mutual Funds Perform Worse Than an Index?
Best first credit card for a college student?
If I am saving ~50k for a master's degree in 2 years, should I just stash the money in a savings account?
Understanding date of delinquency on credit report as it applies to me is driving me nuts! Can anyone help?
Buying a house in two years; what should I do with the money until then?
What do with money for downpayment? Two years out.
ELI5 What are bonds?
What does r/pf do for supplemental income?
Hired CPA for my taxes, how much do I have to know about the structure of my filing?
Started first job. Feedback on plan and financial goals?
Can I pay for a family members very large expense and get a tax deduction? About half my income is going to this.
Renting out my condo- what should I be aware of?
(AU) First full time job, how do I start?
How can I pull equity?
Where should I have my roth IRA?
Does /r/personalfinance have advice about child care?
What to do with budget "underage"?
31 and always struggling - what am I doing wrong??
“In debt quick sand and sinking faster and faster, how do I make it stop?”
I'm a foreigner who paid a bunch of money into the 401(k) system and had to leave. Help?
Wife leaving work soon, good time for Roth rollovers?
Fractured ankle - possible surgery needed. In the US and don't have the greatest insurance. Payment advice?[x/post form /frugal]
I am a masters student who received $125,000 in an injury settlement, what should I do?
I'm 26, fairly good credit, but I want a credit card with an APR below 14%. Advice?
25 years old - Parents did a good job putting money aside for me, now we don't know what to do, suggestions?
Is there an online calculator that will help me do what-if scenarios about paying which debt off first? More details inside, I'm in the US.
Is this normal from the three major credit bureau if you don't have any credit history?
Has anyone started a Special Needs Trust for a niece or nephew?
Where should I be putting my money for long term growth?
I'm 19, in college, about to begin a paid summer internship, and want to start a Roth IRA. Advice?
I make commission salary. The amount varies and is sporadic. If I need to report gross monthly income, how do I do it?
Can direct depositors also arbitrarily withdraw funds from my account?
Saving for a house purchase in 3-5 years... is it worth buying CDs instead of a plain savings account?
Good Second Credit Card to Apply For Now That I've Had One For 8 Months?
So I want to save 550.000 bucks, but it takes way to long. Any advice? (DE)
What is a credit card's Variable APR actually means?
How do I know if I should keep my savings bonds?
I'm leaving for the Peace corps, student loan advice?
Any personal finance shows that you would recommend?
First job out of college and getting married in July. What should I do to invest and save properly?
I want to switch checking/savings accounts, but how?
Thinking of buying a duplex as first home. Am I missing something?
Abandon non-matching 401k?
Does anyone have a CIT or Barclays Savings account? Any drawbacks?
Could it hurt to limit info sharing on credit card?
Bad idea to open a savings account at a different bank than my checking?
Can we talk about bond choices? We always say "invest at least a portion in bonds" but that could mean I-bonds, TIPS, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, etc...
I just got my first job that offers benefits. What is the best way to use these to my advantage?
Is it worth it to get your first car in high school?
I've always had everything handed to me. What should I do to prepare myself for the future?
High-return tax-efficient or low-return tax-inefficient assets in Roth IRA?
When do 401K fees come into play?
Most trustworthy sites to opt out of junk mail and credit card offers?
Better than Mint for budget management? (CA)
Question about Mint: How do you budget across months for a one-time payment/year? [Canada]
Any of you consider the implications of interest and one day having your descendents be 'old money'?
26 years old, $35k in unpaid govt. student loan debt, $10k unpaid student line of credit, no other payments other than regular bills. Can I begin investing soon with these non-credit destroying debts along with payments? Has a game plan for my situation already been laid out?
Can someone help me wrap my head around the tax implications of student loan interest for the US?
I use my Fifth Third debit for all purchases. Should I get a credit card?
What do you wish you had known earlier in life?
Found a little bit of money, what should I do with it?
Mint not working for anyone else?
Help My 12-Week Beginner Budget?
I want to begin investing as a hobby to boost yearly income. Where to start?
Potential rookie question here. But is it normal to receive a benefit as gross income, have the income taxed, then the benefit deducted again after taxes?(US)
Receiving lots of 'pre-approved' credit card mails and accepting them. Is it going to hurt my credit score?
Investment financing?
(AU) What would you do if you were me? 26F, chance to pay off mortgage, and then some... (x-post from r/AusFinance)
Is the student debt worth it?
I'm moving to an online bank. Can I keep a local bank around with little money in it for easy check/cash deposits?
Deductible met, now what?
Is this even possible?
I need to move to find work with my degree, but I can't afford to move unless I get a good paying job. It's a vicious cycle. What can I do?
So now that I've actually lost my job, what do I do?
What paperwork do I need to keep? (CA)
How would i dispute an unknown account?
Southwest Card, which credit agency will they run?
Studying abroad for a third semester -- worth an extra few thousand dollars in loans?
What are the different reasons you like YNAB?
How much car/home insurance do you have? How much do you pay? How does a rational person decide how much to get?
Windfall - what to do with the money?
Budgeting help?
Self employed Dental Insurance worth it?
Can we talk about PF's love of Roth's?
Closing bank account -&gt; closing oldest credit card. Suggestions?
I Have $[X] how do I start investing in bonds/stocks?
What should I pay first?
Best credit card program for flights?
Should I take out a personal loan as a student?
Am I behind?
Should I "redo" my car loan for a different interest rate?
The company I work for may not exist in the next ninety days. What can/should I do to prepare?
My credit score is in the very high 700's but I have a past judgement against me for ~$5k. How is this possible?
Transferred to a four-year university and had everything paid for the first year. Next year will be different - what to do?
Consolidating an Offshore Student Loan - Take a personal loan here in the US?
Should I get a credit card before graduating college if I'm moving abroad for a year?
What should I do with pay stubs when I get direct deposit and have all my tax info backed up and online?
Student options? leaving BoA
What's more important, paying down the principal on my car loan or getting rid of my credit card debt?
Put more money towards student loans or emergency fund/savings?
Got lost in the numbers. Help?
Never had a credit card, about to graduate from college. Is it time?
I have a loan with a fixed interest rate. I want to pay more than the minimum every month so I pay less over the life of the loan. How do I learn how much more I need to pay a month to see a noticeable decrease in the life of the loan?
Are these mutual funds any good?
Denied joint credit card - advice?
Starting an IRA, "advisor" recommends Franklin Income Fund and the Rising Dividends Fund. Any thoughts on these mutual funds?
What are my options? Student loans, medical bills, new baby...
Entering Dental School soon and need major loans, where I do start?
Student loan early payoff - still on the hook for interest?
How much cash do you hold as a percentage of your net worth?
Multiple Student Loans - One account number. Can I pay only one of the loans off first?
Just graduated college. What credit card should I get?
I'm 17, and going to college. How am I supposed to understand loans and personal finance, and how do these things apply to me as a minor? Please help.
How good of a situation am I in?
(CA) When, if ever, does buying a brand new car become acceptable?
Hey all, recently graduated medical student here. I'm looking to negotiate a lower interest rate on my federal student loans. Anyone with experience/advice?
What's the best site/app/program to track net-worth for non-US residents (European in my case)?
If I don't already travel regularly, is there a worthwhile travel rewards card?
(CA) When, if ever, is it appropriate to buy a car brand new?
HSA is switching to high expense ratio mutual funds. What should I do?
How do I negotiate a medical bill that's being sent to collections?
Do you think I have a pile of surprise loan interest somewhere waiting to spring itself on me?
Did I just screw up my US credit? Foreign US resident building credit...
How can a 20-year-old college student start saving for retirement?
No-penalty CD for emergency fund?
Out of college a year and employed. I want to start a line of credit but don't know jack... Some insight?
I'm thinking about buying a house. Is this a terrible idea or am I good to go?
Bank offering to pay off AMEX balance with funds from potential HELOC in order to lower DTI, and give me a higher line of credit. Is this a bad move?
401k advice -- company doesn't match. How much should I contribute?
What is the best way to shop around for an auto loan?
Getting info on car loans. They're giving me #s in "price per thousand". What exactly does this mean?
HDHP &amp; HSA - Too good to be true? (Possibly significant savings for young &amp; single professionals)
College-bound high school graduate—what advice do you have for me?
What is the next step? Also looking to simplify a variety of accounts.
Young Canadian about to move to Ireland for work. I plan on moving back to Canada in 1-5 years. What do I need to know? (Bank accounts, retirement, investing, taxes, currency conversion etc.)
What Are The Best Reasons To Refinance?
Getting married on Saturday (June 1). When should/can I change my W4?
Unknown collectors on my credit report?
Wells Fargo just sent me the 1099 for 2012 for my HSA. Is this normal?
Can I claim the interest paid on a student loan that's in my mom's name if I'm the one actually paying on it?
Resources to compare IRAs for 403(b) rollover?
should I pay off government loans with private loans?
Bad credit, debt-free next month. Should I close/switch my credit card?
Bad credit, debt-free next month. Should I close/switch my credit card?
Looking at apartments and each one wants to individually pull my credit score - Will this hurt me?
[Newbie] In light of the recent post of health insurance, is there a benefit to opting out of a employer provided plan?
health savings account AND flexible spending account? how does a health savings account work?
Selling a broken car?
Best safe investment for ~$30,000?
I'm 19. I've shouldn't have bad credit. I've been rejected for 2 student bank accounts. Why? (UK)
Is my (soon to be ex) wife entitled to any of my tax return if I file Married but Separate?
I'm 19. I shouldn't have bad credit. I've been rejected for 2 student bank accounts. Why? (UK)
I'll have ~$7000 of income from an internship this summer. How should I invest it?
Bond gifted to me when I was a child. Where is it?
Thoughts on the Amex prepaid card?
Hard credit inquiry dropped credit score by 40 points, is this common?
Can someone help me understand what an "annuity" is and how it works? (US)
Should I get health care at 24?
Benefits to a younger person investing in CD's?
Composition of the S&amp;P 1500, in terms of the S&amp;P 500, S&amp;P MidCap 400, and S&amp;P SmallCap 600?
I want to buy a house, but not sure if I can afford it or how to even go about it. Help?
They say 30% max of income should go to house/home expenses and 20% max should go to automobile. We should save 10%. What of the other 40%? Help me create a sample budget with aggressive saving in mind!
How, Manage Between an Auto Loans and Bad Credit?
Federal TSP - What's the advantage to the Roth option?
Best way to consolidate debt?
I am a missionary going back to the field (US to Africa) and have a house in the states. Should I refinance to be able to afford my mortgage while I'm away or sell the house or neither?
[US] I just opened my first money market/brokerage account, what should I know?
Can I pay off my Target Visa Credit Card with my Wells Fargo Visa Credit Card (considerably lower interest)?
Graduated from Bachelors, moving from US to EU for masters, advice on exchanging currencies for paying on US student loans?
How can I afford university (U.K)???
does snowball or avalanche boost a credit score quicker?
Is it time for my first car?
I'm 16, I have AU$4,500, what should I do with it?
Should I pay off a high interest CC with part of my emergency fund?
How does this affect my credit score?
Personal vs. S&amp;P Performance? (mint.com)
Single income for family of four, running through my budget do I just need to make more? Any advice is appreciated.
~60k between three student loans, ~$90k salary. What would you do?
32M, Married, 2 kids, House &amp; 4 Cars. Received an insurance check from the recent storm in OK. What would you do?
Finished school, working on repaying debt, I foresee large expenses; How do I start building a personal savings? (Canada)
Inherited a paid off house in an area we do not wish to live. Thinking we will sell it after fixing it up. What to do with the money?
Lending Club - Preferences on which loans to invest in?
Pay student loan now, or in two weeks?
Tax implications of an annual bonus I received at work! Should I withhold?
How often should I fund and make purchases within my IRA?
ESPP Strategy. Am I doing it wrong?
Quicken Vs Mint? Need some budgeting advice please!
What are the benefits of having a credit card?
what are appropiate jobs for somebody who's 14 years old? and how much do they make?
Did I get In over my head?
19m, college summer, any extra ideas?
How do I get rid of my car?
$33,000/ year out of college. Am I getting screwed over?
House, to buy or not to buy?
Removal of PMI with principal pay down but without an appraisal -- possible?
Should I Ask My Parents for Help? (High Income Idiot - 30M)
(CA) Should I sell my car for saving?
Should I put my extra $400 per month toward my mortgate?
About to graduate with $26,000 in loans and a 662 credit score. Aside from getting a job, what else should I be thinking about doing right now to get my finances in order?
My mutual fund is doing well, should I consider rollover to IRA?
Is it better to pay of my car at the end of summer and get a new vehicle or just trade in my car and get a new one now?
Anyone have experience selling a car for less than you owe on it?
How can I improve my wife's credit score?
Should I see a financial advisor? How do I find one?
3K in credit card debt as a college student. How can I graduate debt free (not including loan debt)?
Graduating High School, ways to make money in summer through the web//? (SE)
Does anyone churn credit cards?
Should I report all my tips as a server, or just the credit card tips?
Managing bank accounts while overseas?
Recently inherited a large amount of money in stocks. What do I do with it?
I had to have a credit card I never used replaced due to potential fraud at my bank. Turns out, they put a 5 dollar charge on it and I never knew about it and it sat there for almost 2 months. Did this just screw my credit up?!
I am considering purchasing a house. Given my circumstances, is this a smart money move?
Payoff current car loan at 12% in 24mo, or trade-in for new car at 6% over 48mo?
I am visiting Turkey in a few weeks. Last year, my debit card did not work, and I was SOL. Is a prepaid card a good option?
"Free" MBA -- Is it worth the opportunity cost?
Can I afford this totally cosmetic(and therefore totally unnecessary) thing with where I am right now?
Where should I put my savings?
How screwed am I?
What to do with the house?
Best Credit Card(s) for Gas and Groceries?
If someone uses you as a reference for a check-cashing place, can that hurt you?
Capital One 360 Online Savings Account or Ally Bank High Yield Online Savings Account?
Should I pay or should I save?
Could paying off my credit card balance super frequently harm my credit score for some reason?
What to do with $4,000 I have in cash?
How can I reduce my student loan interest rate?
Is this dumb? Taking out a student loan to pay off garnishment and avoid bankruptcy...
Housing debate - cash out and pay off debt or go another route?
Should I pay off debt or continue saving ?
Using Roth IRA and savings to pay off CC debt?
How much will closing a credit card ding my score?
What are all of the things where you can you write off in terms of tax write offs in order to save money?
New Condo Purchase -- How to Approach Mortgage?
Do I really need to keep my emergency fund liquid?
prospective tenant insists on running credit check himself - legitimate concern?
Where can I put my retirement that doesn't have ridiculous fees?
Got charged for a hotel I stayed at, but did not book. Can I dispute the transaction on my CC?
What to do with large amount of excess income - Pay debt, put back towards house, invest in retirement?
Should I take out subsidized loans for college, even if I don't need the money? (Someone told me it helps my credit score)
Keep secured credit card, or time to move on to a regular credit card?
My sister's husband went from making $300,000 a year to $30,000 a year during the recession. (Construction.) They are now climbing out of the hole and mess they created by not saving when money was good. Can I get some book recommendations for her?
Do I stop contib to my 401k in order to build emergency fund faster?
Are there options for beginners other than basic savings?
How large an emergency fund for an academic?
CFP School?
Benefits and drawbacks to an online checking account?
Where is the line between wealth and greed?
Got this latter form IRS, don't understand what they want. Anyone can read it and help?
What are some other typical forms of income that are subject to income tax during retirement?
What to expect from a financial advisor?
Why on EARTH would we have been declined for this home equity LOC?
Getting credit card with 0% intro rate. Better to get it now or wait until the 0% might be needed?
Did you have a frugal wedding? No wedding at all? 2 friends on a beach wedding? Or did you mortgage the house to pay for the grand festivities? Tell me how you went about a wedding on a budget /r/personalfinance!
Deciding when to go back to school?
I have a 260K mortgage on a property, and another property with no mortgage worth 200K. Sell one to pay down the mortgage on the other?
Credit for small business that reimburses transaction fees and also gets rewards?
Has anyone else had Mint.com update strangely, like your net income for a month dropping and it not being due to a recent transaction that you can find?
Shall I buy a property as opposed to rent?
Got a fulll-time job, time to pay back student loan: Principle vs. interest?
Personal Loan from Lendingclub.com to payoff CC debt. Good idea?
Should I pay off my student loan on the payment schedule or is there any advantage to paying it off early?
Young, but want to keep track of spending habits/finances somehow. How to do this? Details inside.
Consider this a doctor check up. How am I doing personal finance? (21 yrs old, 65k salary, 5.6k student debt...) recent grad
Retirement: Prioritize growth/risk investments in Roth and conservative investments in tax deferred?
(US) If your employer could offer you the option to pay down student loans rather than fund a 401(K), would you?
Student loans vs. down payment savings?
Not sure whether to pay off car loan or not. Help?
How Do You Keep Interested/Motivated in Personal Finance?
My teenager needs a credit card - what do you recommend?
Current rent is $580. Found a $160K house; mortgage payment would be about $600/mo. Also has a rented basement apartment that is always occupied for $500/mo. Should I pull the trigger?
Cross between YNAB (for budgeting) and Mint (auto-import trans.)?
Came into some money. Advice?
What to do with 10k so its earning money but still available if needed?
Which loan to pay off first?
Is there anything that beats betterment if you're just starting out?
How do I avoid paying taxes?
Has anyone ever sold their home FSBO? Any advice you can offer?
Selling Things That I bought With Money From Parents. What's The Right Thing To Do? Help Please?
Crosspost from r/StudentLoans: should I cash out stock to wipe out student loan debt or no?
Should I increase my 401(k) contribution? Need advice for my current financial situation.
Trying to invest chunk of savings into Index ETF. 100 free trades with brokerage, how to pick lowest commission and expense ratio?
What do I do now that I know my father's identity has been stolen?
I'm 20 and just rolled over to a Roth IRA with Vanguard. Should I go with the total stock index or their retirement fund with the largest time horizon?
Can I switch my student loans to my name?
What can a student do to avoid the effects of the Student Loan Bubble bursting?
So I just got my first paycheck...and then realized I'm paying 28% of it to taxes. Sounded a lot to me, is this normal?
Mint: should I separate groceries (food) from household things (toilet paper)?
Why did my savings bank do a credit check when I never obtained any credit from them?
What is the best way to pay off a large amount of credit card debt?
What to do with a life insurance check?
Need to take a loan out, not sure what I should be looking for? (UK)
How much disposable income should I (or anyone) have?
Please help. I'm stuck in a house that I can't afford. What do I do?
Thinking about taking up a student loan (3,28% interest rate) that I don't need to start investing. How stupid is the idea? (GER)
Looking to invest in an index fund (S&amp;P) -- It's at a historical high, should I invest now, or wait?
What's the best way to go about getting a car in my situation?
Fairly new credit history, apparently poor score because of derogatory marks. How to improve?
I'd like to start putting some investment into the stock market, but I don't very much. Where do I begin?
W4 for 14 y/o 1st job?
Those of you with full-time jobs...do you have other jobs? If so, what are they, and do you need them?
Pay off credit card with home equity line of credit?
I'm pretty sure my mom and dad have zero savings, what can I do as a minor?
I need to get a loan in a short amount of time for my last year of college. please help?
Academic Papers on Index Funds Beating Managed Funds?
Student Loan has a minimum payment lower than the accruing interest?
Any recommendations regarding how to invest Roth IRA money?
Does anybody have any experience with the TD Canada Trust Cash Back Mastercard? (CAN)
Is this a good idea?
$4.5K in an old 401K. Making ~$75K at the new company. Roll in the my Roth IRA, a traditional IRA or keep in the 401k?
What's the safest way to protect money from currency fluctuations?
How Much House Can I Afford?
What is the best way to protect money, specially against currency fluctuations?
What amount of money/assets would you consider is enough to ask for a pre-nup?
Recommendations on High Yield Internet-based Checking and Savings accounts?
Pay off car or credit card?
Roth ira? I work in an industry where 401k and benefits are not usually available. What should I do?
I have ~11k in student loans split into two (~8.5k and 2.5k). About 8k in the bank. Should I pay off the smaller one or drag it out?
What should I pay off next?
Employer won't allow non-401k pre-tax contributions?
ESPP before Student Loans?
A teen financial plan?
Potential to borrow 30k interest free: worth it/most efficient use of this money?
What is the best way to remove this judgment from my credit report? (Details inside.)
Getting kind of hopeless about having a future with my current situation. Can I change anything about this?
CFO, Credit partner for small business?
What do I do with my retirement account?
Where to invest for the medium term?
Newly eligible for my company's 401(k) - How much should I be investing?
What do I do investment-wise going forward?
Ex-GF's Addresses On My Credit Report, post-breakup...?
$5.52 from Comcast is going to collections. How bad is that?
Save for a down payment or pay off student loans?
Anyone use "Bank of Internet USA"?
Considering buying land + building a house vs buying a house that already exists. How is financing different?
If I want to invest in a single unit house, how much of my net value / savings should I allocate to the house?
I'm graduating high school next year and my school doesn't teach jack shit about finance. What are some things I need to know?
Changing Exemptions To Fund IRA?
What's the best way to get a charge off removed from a credit report?
Ok guys the only place I can get a loan has 27 apr. 134 dollars a month for 3 years on 3220 opinions?
Student Loans with interest rates lower than 6.8% ?
How do I invest in commodities?
I already maxed my 401k for 2013 but have recently changed jobs. Is there a way to not lose out on my new employer's match?
How accurate is CreditKarma.com?
Auto loan?
Used IRS Withholding Calculator: should my state withholding be the same as federal?
How do I decide how much insurance to get?
Currently opening my first bank account, any advice?
Recently lost my job after buying a new car. What to do?
(IND) I have just started working. Can r/personalfinance suggest how to start investing in equities?
Double taxing on 401k at tax time?
Is refinancing your auto loan worth it and is there any detriment to your credit score?
I owe $7k to credit cards, 9k for a car and 4k to my parents, what can I really do to help out the situation?
Can I[M25] afford to move out and live with my friend?
Paying off debt or increasing retirement contributions?
Making $15/hr - Here are my expenses. What can I do better?
I am a college graduate with $14,000 in student loan debt. Is it better to defer payment via forebearance and have the interest accrue or prevent the interest from accruing via taking classes at community college?
One moving violation caused car ins. premium to increase by about 100%?
Full time employee versus contract work?
Paying 1 car off. Double up on car 2 payments, or save it?
Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds- Where can I learn in layman's terms?
Stock options - should I cash out or not?
Is requesting ALL paperwork for review ahead of time on a refinanced mortgage prior to closing feasible?
Savings, short term or long term?
Is a raise in credit limit a good thing?
I've used quicken for years to download my bank statements and see where my money has been going. I am now trying YNAB for budgeting, but I am finding it almost unnecessary. Am I the only one?
Is it necessary to dispute my credit report to each of the credit bureaus or will disputing to just one suffice?
Has anyone used the stackxchange personal finance page? Is it any good?
Will opening up an Amazon Payments account show up on my credit report?
Joining the military, what do I do with my savings?
Credit Report--Help?
Managing Spending Money - Cash or Second Chequing account?
On the right track, suggestions for how to stay there?
Not receiving the government aid I am dependent on for school this year. Is it worth taking a year off in order to avoid more loans?
4.25% Mortgage Best Rate Right Now?
What can I do with my money?
I learned a credit card trick in college. Perhaps a few other broke college kids can use it. Also, can someone advise if it's technically legal or not?
Thinking of moving from Ontario to BC... advice?
[Canada] Tenant Insurance Quotes?
I have a car I can't pay to fix. Sell? Or try to save up?
What would happen if I suddenly left the country?
I have a Credit Card that I've used its max for the past 5 months, but now have money. What's the best way to pay it off?
Should i close my credit card?
Roth vs. Traditional 401K though experiment. Huge tax savings on earnings for Roth??
Take over lease payments for 2012 Prius or keep my 2005 Corolla? U
Debt was collected in 2010, “Bad debt; placed for collection; skip” is on my credit report, and my score is pretty weak. Any way I can remove it and bring my score up?
Feeling like i will never get out of debt. Any book recommendations to help understand persona finance?
What makes a retirement account better than something with interest? (Savings, CD, etc)
How long should I keep paperwork for?
Illegal(?) Contribution to Roth IRA
For those who cut off financial support to a family member, how did the story play out?
Tired of living month to month. Is is wise to take money out of my 401K?
To take out out private student loan or not?
Long lost 401k...any chance of finding it?
Does anyone on PF own a rental/landlord property?
How to effectively get rid of PMI on an FHA home loan?
Anyone else get a similar letter from AMEX this week?
Can Anyone Show Me Where to Find 401(k)/IRA Hidden Fees?
Question about mint app?
When people say they budget and are "cutting it close" how close is it really?
Just got a contract gig, wanna move out, how much can I pay in rent?
Do I dispute or verify a negative item on my report when I don't remember much about it?
Best Credit Card Available?
Can I take a tax deduction here?
Is my plan sound?
So, what's the catch with Ally?
I just got my profit sharing report from my company, but I don't know how this works. Can someone please explain to me how I receive my money from this plan?
Anything special I should be aware of as I sell my house with a simple cash deal?
Small medical bill and debt collection. Any tips?
Will the McMansion Ever Die? [Quote/Article]
How much to put into my 403b?
Feel stupid for asking, but... how long does it take to receive a credit card after applying?
What financial decisions lead to the most perpetual and long-term kinds of damage to ones finances?
MBA - worth it or not if I've already got a BBA? (CA)
Debt settlement fraud by Capital One?
Does anyone sell covered calls in their retirement accounts (401k, IRAs), etc?
"Twins stretch couple's $110,000 income thin" – seriously??
AUD to USD Exchange rate question. Am I getting shorted?
Husband has 40K in cc debt he claims is low interest indefinitely - is this possible?
How to get rid of/sell engagement ring?
Questions for "simple portfolio" investors / Simple and stock pick? / Schwab Users?
Will credit union or my local Chase bank approve me of a loan to buy a motorcycle?
19 y/o student, having baby soon, what are the best ways to start saving my money?
Minor problems = big drop in FICO score, any quick fix suggestions?
Advice on how to get out of payday loans?
Should I invest in a 401k with no match?
7 years ago I put $500 in a CD, today it's worth ~$550. I'm going to take it out and put it into something worth while. Any suggestions? I'm open to anything. I'd like to maybe get into stock/investing/something else maybe, but I have no idea where to start.
Should You Take on Debt to Get a Tax Break?
When people say things like "if I won the lottery, I would invest most of it"..what are these people "investing" in? What are these people doing with money that seemingly guarantees them a return on their investment? Is there no risk?
strategic foreclosure, short sale, or rent it out?
Should I have a 6mo emergency fund while paying down $280K in student loans?
Rollover my Schwab Target 2040 (SWERX) 401K to my Rollover Vanguard Target Retirement 2040 Inv (VFORX)?
Husband and I agreed to a "business date" to go over our accounts. Anyone have nice graphical templates I could use?
Paid off high interest business credit card, keep it open or close it?
How to cash in inherited gov't bonds?
What does it mean if my home has equity beyond what I can exempt in a bankruptcy?
I live in the Silicon Valley. They are building a TON of new town houses in my city. Should I jump on it and buy one?
Student Loan Disappeared from Credit Report - Advice?
Should I be at all concerned about a mortgage collections notice addressed to the previous owner of my house?
Employer's ESPP sounds pretty weak, still worth it?
For a family, how many bedrooms do you need?
Never had a credit card before, where to start?
Just took a new job and my income is spiking from 400 a month to 2000 a month, any tips?
I have $15,000.00 to invest and I don't know the best place to put it. Any advice? [21 y/o college student]
I'm 19 and have decided to open up a Roth IRA, some quick advice?
How much to renovate a house?
Are there any penalties for frequent moves in your 401(k) investments?
Anybody on here go through a short sale of their own home? What was the real impact on your credit rating?
Am I wasting money on my Health Insurance Premium?
Mortgage advice from our British redditors please? 2 year vs 5 year fixed rate considering the Bank of England base rate?
How much "house" should I buy if I can put 150k down?
If I know my wife or (future) children will eventually go to school, should I set up a 529 plan now?
How to invest $15,000/year in loaned $ if I already have the $ to pay for school?
So. Babies. How much are they?
Is my crappy HSA worthy of being [part of] my emergency fund?
Should I accept a credit limit increase?
I have some questions about my auto loan... If I pay more every month why would my interest paid for the month increase??
Should I cash out matured US EE savings bonds earning a low interest rate?
How do I fix this?
What is currently the best place to open a savings account for my emergency fund?
Purchase or lease a car?
any credit union customers have trouble using mint?
I'm a college student with strong financial backing from my family, and I want to start building my own funds. What should I do?
How can I fix this so that I'm not ruined by the time I'm finished with school?
Should I roll my student loans into my mortgage?
Walmart stock or 401k help?
How to handle $30k student loan?
[Canada] Help me understand my federal govt pension? Kind of x-post from /r/financialindependence
Does your savings account balance affect your credit score?
On my road to recovery... I guess?
Undiversify?
My budget, any suggestions?
$2,000 for graduation..what should invest in for short term?
on my parents credit card, is their utilization hurting me?
Better mortgage options for someone with high credit/savings?
Best way to rebuild my credit? (US)
Asked about paying up front for a local gym's no contract membership but was asked for a card?
ETF?
Is a credit card company required to show you your credit limit before you accept the card?
I have $900 in govt bonds. What should I do with it? Cash out? Saving Account?
Best way to organize and input receipts?
Mechanic says it's time to replace the car; how should I go about this?
First full time job after working part time for 3 years. Should I claim (myself as) a dependent? (M/19 no kids)
What are your monthly expenses? I've been tracking mine and am curious as to how others are managing.
Financing Medical School - Is Short-Term Investment Worth it?
I have about $1300 from saving with $600 CC debt. Should I keep it or pay off the debt?
Want to buy a new (relative to current) car. Don't want a loan. What can I do to minimize the time it takes me to save enough?
Not sure if this is the right place to ask this... Does anyone here give to charity?
I am 23 and considering buying a house and not rent, is this a good idea? What are my options?
how to prioritize?!? (feeling discouraged)
Is paying off your card completely better or worse for credit than leaving a small percentage?
Ran a credit check for the first time in my life and now I am suspecting I may be a victim of identity fraud, what do I do now?
Would closing a credit card account with a high limit hurt me much?
Buying a house/condo just to rent it out - good or bad idea?
Would taking a year to raise my credit score offset the expected increase in mortgage interest rates?
going to start using a money manager to grow my money...should i buy my own stable growth solid stocks and have him be more...risky?
How do I cash-in my prepaid credit cards?
Should I invest in a Roth or normal 401k if I have a Roth IRA?
Is it a good idea to buy a house to rent/lease it while holding ~30k in student loans?
Best online CD rate? Suggestions?
where/how do i buy bonds/t-bills, stocks, and index funds?
Starting individual Roth IRA when employer offers 401k?
Robert kiyosaki, financial guru or fast talking scam artist?
Moved, car insurance monthly payment doubled after obtaining new license. What the hell?
Buying "quality" clothing -- What to look for? What to avoid?
Have about $30,000 in a savings account from an inheritance and applying for FAFSA. Will this screw me?
Any advice for paying off my mortgage really fast?
I'm 18 and starting college in August, and I need $5,000 more to pay for my tuition. What can I do to get there?
Can Someone Help Me Understand Why A Million Isn't Enough?
Should I keep my whole life insurance policies?
I owe 10k in credit debt and 10k to a family member. Who gets paid first?
16 years old I recently got my first job. Any money managing tips?
Close dormant bank account?
Almost debt free... Now what? (x-post from frugal)
My wife has an iPhone, I have an Android. Is there a checkbook registry app that we can use together?
Anyone use Barclays Online Savings?
How much of your child's allowance do you encourage them to save?
Where to go from here?
Advance against an approved private loan?
Have a small business account with about 20k, does this article mean it won't count against FAFSA asset calculations?
First credit card for a student with no credit?
What, if any, are the penalties for lying on a credit card application?
Saving for retirement at 19 years old...?
finance software for non-americans?
Help choosing individual funds for a 401k plan?
What should I negotiate when buying a car?
How can I break this money-managament habit?
Savings question: Credit Union, bank, investment?
Citi giving me a free credit score?
How bad do I look on paper?
I am an incoming freshman in college with free tuition and $2,500 in the bank. What should I be doing with my money?
IRA Retirement Fund for someone close to retirement?
Family financial outlook not looking great. Any advice?
Debt for a young adult. Input?
When is it too early to start an IRA account?
Credit Card advice: am I missing something?
Negotiating with Insurance companies?
Opening a retirement account for my 55y/o mother. Net income $220,000, small business owner. $0 savings. Suggestions where to start?
Buy now or wait?
What should I do?
Anyone have a really good budget system worked out? Entering medical school and will be living on loans!
Put Roth contributions on pause for 5 years to pay off the house.... Is this financial suicide?
People who are married but live on one salary and save the other, how do you do it? advantages? disadvantages?
Saving up for a trip to Europe in 6 months, have around $3k to work with. Best use of money?
Should I claim 1 or 0 on my W4?
Could use an outside view of our financial situation - Sell our house or keep?
Maxing out 401k contributions best option?
Lots of money from inheritance, more than I ever dreamed, what do I do???
Anyone here have HSBC Premier? Does it give you access to a wider range of investment products?
Is there ever a good time, financially, to have kids?
Help me open a savings account?
Do you connect your online accounts on CreditKarma?
Parent racked up debt on my AMEX card as an authorized user. How can I get my name/credit off of it?
US student studying in London for a semester - how to access money?
What is your favorite personal finance number to track?
How do I know if I need to file income taxes in Canada?
Just Maxed My 2013 Roth Contributions... Now what?
Using a car as a business-related expense?
Pay off car with student loans - good strategy?
Noob here. Should i have a Roth 401k and a Roth IRA?
How to start saving for a down payment on a house?
Multiple secured cards to rebuild credit?
What countries are the best for retirement in order to maximize one's savings?
Are all 457s and 403bs created the same?
Currently on 5/1 Arm at 3.25%, fixed ends in 2016, should I refinance into 10/15 year mortgage?
Loaning money to a bank to improve your credit score?
How do you use gamification in your finances?
Former employer's pension plan is offering lump sum payment. What should I do?
So… what can I do with my freshly minted awesome credit-rating?
470k condo, can I afford it?
31 and finally have a job that lets me save. What should I look to do with my money?
Medical student moving back home, "saving" money. Best way to shuffle it around?
Doing Credit Card Balance Transfer - Question on what to pay on first card?
How do taxes on capital gains and dividends work?
Company didn't open Roth 401(k) as I had requested. Can I request back-matching?
I recently inherited $65,000. Tax free. 28, Unemployed, no outstanding debt, no savings, no credit cards. What should I do with it?
Really screwed up my credit years ago. Almost in a position to work towards fixing it. What should I do?
Is it possible to be approved for a second credit card if I have a good credit score but currently no income?
Where to put $2k per month?
Just got married...now what?
Can we discuss the psychology of saving and fiscal responsibility?
What should I know about refinancing my auto loan?
29m, no debt - never owned a credit card - where do I start?
What are the advantages of an IRA over a 401k?
Pay off loan, save up or both?
Have 3 cars sell one or rent it out through relayrides?
How/where should I start a Roth IRA account?
Delta Amex Credit Card: In what situation is this worth it?
(CA) Student here, what should I do?
Came into money after our wedding. What should we do?
75k cash in the bank, where should I put my money? (pay bills or another investment property)
How much do I put into my 401k making $35k? I receive match by my employer.
Financial Planner/Money Manager – Yes or No?
How do I go about choosing a lender for college loans? (USA)
What is the best Credit Card I can have in terms of rewards and such?
In the Navy (E-2), how should I start saving for the future?
Credit card blocked and is being re-issued due to hacking. Anything to look out for and any recourse?
What to do with my small paycheck as a student with no bills? (US)
Where is the best place to get a Private Student Loan?
Anybody participate in medical studies for extra cash?
Unemployed with 100k: travel + self-employment? Roth and/or 401k? Investments?
I recently graduated from university steeped in burdening debt. Am I screwed for a lifetime?
Should I take a ding on my credit as a matter of principal?
How easy/possible is it to withdraw money from a 401(k) and a Roth IRA to put towards the down payment on a first home?
Is it possible to transfer an old 401k to an IRA then take temporary distribution?
I recently turned 18, should I get a credit card or is it too risky? (CA)
I'm 25, earn $24,874 a year after taxes, health, dental and unemployment insurance. What should I be doing right now that I'm not? (CA)
What can I do to make the most of my situation?
Why do I need to put money into a 401k and retire at all?
Perspectives Wanted - Buy a house with cash? or do the minimum downpayment and invest the rest?
Some guidance for a smart young kid?
Inherited $10,000 from Grandma Who Lived in Canada - What to do?
What are some guidelines (APR, annual fee, etc.) for a first credit card?
What's the biggest mistake you repeatedly made before you got your finances in order?
Do you need to claim money from a 401k payout as income when collecting unemployment?
College student with plenty of parental aid... how do I prepare for success?
Credit Card Companies with Good Websites?
My gym lost my credit card information last August when I was unemployed. I never gave them the info again and they sent a bill to collections. Do I have to pay this bill? What should I say when I call them? CA
Am I on the right track? Got my first pay check and know all my benefits now. Advice?
Buying my first home. Is this a good idea?
Student question: Time needed for credit bureau's system to reflect changes?
Purchasing new home (being built) with FHA. Concerned about rising interest rates. What do? (more inside)
Navy Federal Loan. Lower Interest?
Emergency fund vs. Roth IRA - where to put savings?
My parents have $50,000 for their entire retirement, and propose to spend $30,000 of it on a house. Is this a good idea?
Got a card revoked due to an address error, now it's hurting my credit, what do I do?
I've never had a credit card, where do I start?
What to do with extra money?
Roth IRA Question - Maximum Salary?
Tips I should know about Saving/Investing? (CA)
Side Business Deductions?
First time investor question: inherited some gold, should I leave it or liquidate and reinvest?
Investing in Kickstarter campaigns?
Financially okay for now, but not in four months. How do we prepare?
Need a small loan to cover moving expenses, which I will be paying back in full within a month. Ideas?
Secured credit card for non-US citizen?
How much is a reasonable percentage of your income to spend on a car?
How Accurate is zillow.com? Is What Houses In A Neighborhood Sold For 5-10 Years Ago Valid At All When Thinking Of The Next 5-10 Years?
Does anyone have any experience with online finance/stock market classes?
Any advice on paying for medical bills/getting loan with terrible credit?
How does home equity work in regards to buying other properties?
Could someone better explain my new salary pay vs when I was hourly?
401k -- Worth it?
What is considered to be a good interest rate on a credit card? What terms should I look for and what should I avoid?
401k -- Is it worth it?
Is there a downside to using a chase promotional check with 0% apr for a year to pay off my balance on that credit card (and then pay off the promo half within the next year)?
Take money out of my savings for tuition or take out only $1400 in federal loan?
College student working over the summer, my boss wants me to do the business' bookkeeping. Should I?
Best course of action re: new (to us) car?
I am a new graduate with a new job and no idea how to manage a real pay cheque. Should I invest in a financial advisor? If not, where can I get help? [CA]
What is the worst financial decision you have made?
401k loan - good idea or bad idea?
Should I keep my health insurance?
How do you choose a Gas/Electricity supplier?
(US) My understanding is a child can open an IRA as soon as they've earned some kind of income... So how soon can I "pay" my child and get him an IRA?
PersonalFinance Redditors, how does a poor, Uni (College) student in Australia start saving for the future?
I'm going to start a new part-time job in august and I don't feel they are going to paying me properly for my experience. How do I get them to pay me more?
folks who live in high rent/cost of living areas - how do you keep expenses low?
What's your opinion on the best method to repay student debt?
House closing on 7/30 but want to arrange some utilities in advance... soft credit score hit?
Buy a house or pay off student loan debt?
Should you pay into a 401k if you are unsure how long you will live in the US?
Inherited some money, can I trust my bank?
Where should I save my money for a house deposit? (UK)
Should I sign up for the Voluntary Legal Plan and the Critical Illness Plan offered by my company through Ambrose?
Okay, I know what I should be investing my money in now. But, how?
Is it a bad idea to rollover a 401k to a Roth IRA?
How much is your pride worth?
Advice - Roth IRA or not?
I am planning to invest the money in my Roth IRA. How can I dollar cost average when most Mutual Funds have a huge minimum initial contribution?
I just got a letter about a 401k plan I have?
Do you think I will be approved for a car loan?
16 Year Old Making $5000/Month, Any Suggestions?
Nuveen Index Funds?
Buying a dwelling - Is it feasible with these means?
How come no-one really talks about maintaining your own vehicle(s) as an avenue to financial independence?
Small Business Accounting Software - Alternatives to quickbooks?
Can someone explain to me how a Roth 401k is taken out of your paycheck?
Can someone tell me different ways of receiving income? I'm going to get a lot of free time soon and my part time isn't paying enough (UK).
24 years old, making about $6k a month, debt free. What do I need to start doing?
When Do You Drop Your Life Insurance?
This year, I may not take in any money from my side business. Can I still make deductions against my other income?
What's a good credit card for someone with no established credit? (24, US)
Luxury Apartment - Can we afford it?
How aggressive are target funds? 25 year old looking to start investing.
What are some good finance books?
What is the best rewards credit card for a recent college graduate?
Should I open an IRA or start contributing toward a 401K? (18 US)
Decision point: grad school?
How to gift funds for college?
Can anyone give me some credit card advice?
Question on raising credit score?
Do I have options in terms of getting money in my 401k or am I limited to the same amount each pay period?
Is this fraud? (Credit card)
I'm about to come into 50k in the next few months (lump sum). What do I do with it?
19 years old, $1k a month. $0 debt. 0 credit. going to school.. I can't get a loan.. help?
20 year old student. Should I start saving now or after university and student loans are paid off?
When Does Investing to, "Save Money" Make Sense?
When to rebalance portfolio?
Just finished uni and am going to start working this coming fall. Can anyone recommend a good APP for personal finance management? (Norwegian)
Legal notifications on Stafford loans: when do I need to update my loan servicer?
Can /r/personalfinance explain the benefits of "pre-tax" spending out of my paycheck?
Midland: the most persistent of creditors. Did I make a mistake?
Reddit, can you explain how a Treasury Bill works?
Ideas for what to do with HSA funds? (~3K)
I signed a lease for an apartment. Now I'm broke. Worth it to take out a school loan?
What would be the best way to save for a potential trip from US to Germany (and Europe abroad) in 15 months?
Where should I keep my emergency fund?
App to help you keep a budget?
Possibly moving to Abu Dhabi for a job but am a US citizen. How do taxes work?
I can only qualify for a 7 year ARM not a 30 year fixed because of my debt-to-income. Should I take it?
Student Loan repayment term when interest rate is low?
Citi forward card charged me a foreign transaction fee for Thai airways tickets I bought online while in the US. Is there a way to dispute this?
After maxing out 401k, IRA, and Emergency funds, where do you put money?
I want to quit my career in 7 years. Thoughts?
Best credit card deals?
Bf has 79,000 in student loan debt and just got offered a $50,000 job. Is he going to be able to survive?
My GF owes 4k for her taxes in 2011. She just randomly got a letter in the mail saying she owed it. After looking at the application she forgot one of her jobs W4. What can she do?
Is it more wise to create a student loan on my last year of university or a loan through my bank once I'm out? (Ca)
Should I cash in my grandmother's life insurance plan for me? And other questions....
Need Advice: Should I sell/spend taxable investments for living expenses so I can max out my 401k contributions for the rest of the year?
I recently got pre-approved for a home loan. Is it too good to be true?
Can you think of a reason the gov would owe a 4k tax return to someone that hasnt paid income tax ever?
Why Do My Commission Checks Get Taxed at a Much Higher Rate?
What can I be doing better and where can I get a better credit card?
Can I take out a business loan for a Youtube/Twitch gaming brand? Where do I start?
Self employed contractor making decent money, what are my structuring and retirement options?
Studentloans are in default...what can I do?
My Mutual Funds have fallen 30% in the past year and a half. Should I look into cutting my losses?
I'm paying off credit cards. Should I close them? I've been told by bankers to keep them open because it "looks better" on my credit report.
Transferring Stafford student loan to parent's home equity line of credit. Does lower interest rate beat student loan interest deduction?
Any opinions on goal setting in finance software?
Any help please? I'm not good with these things
Can someone make sure my plans make sense before I go through with them?
Early Retirement Plan: Is it sensible?
Am I worrying too much about investing?
pay off student loans?
Half year as a contractor, the second half as an hourly employee; how do I figure out my tax rate?
Grad School Loans... Federal vs. "Private"?
The bank f'ed up our refinance paperwork at closing but didn't discover until signed. Now what?
Student Loans - I can hold off paying them until after PHD program, best thing to do with money?
Can we add to the FAQ on when to use a Financial Advisor?
When is buying company stock a good idea?
I have no credit and keep coming up as deceased, what do I do?
Positive spin on student debt crisis?
Need to relocate for a job, signing bonus not dispersed until after starting, how to bridge the gap?
I'm a 23 year old employed student with (little to) no credit and minimal knowledge on credit. Crash course please?
529 College Savings fund options for 13 year old?
What percentage of your income do you pay in rent?
Should you periodically ask for limit raises on your credit card? If so, how often?
Trying to understand how these houses are affordable?
Will contributing to my 401k put me into a lower tax bracket?
Have a PHFA mortgage; would like to rent out the property -- what are my options?
Should I sell my car and buy a used one?
I opened up a bank account for the first time at Wells Fargo, but considering switching to a credit union. Should I?
There is no way this can be true is there?
Will a period of not holding a job have any effect on my credit score?
Anyone have experience with Bank X for a high-yield online savings account?
Should I move out? What am I waiting for?
Buying a Home, is this a decent budget?
What percentage of your take-home pay is for discretionary spending?
Can I trust an internet based bank for a home mortgage?
Earning rewards points by threatening to cancel a credit card ... anyone have experience with this?
Is it possible for a DINK couple to relocate for a new job?
Trying to save a little money away for college transition expenses, where should I put it?
Is significant financial debt a deal-breaker in dating or am I being a petty bitch?
Currently living in SoCal but considering moving across the country to find more reasonable home prices. A good idea?
Is this a reasonable situation for co-signing?
One Loan to Rule Them All?
Worry about old credit card?
Any Capital One Users?
Should I purchase a house near work ?
Can anyone recommend a reliable, inexpensive monthly triple FICO score report?
If I make payments on my federal student loan before I graduate, will my monthly payments be lower?
My student loans were... transferred?
Does the type of deferment for student loans matter?
Where to find stock recommendations?
Just Got a Raise - New Budget - How Much Should I Put Away?
Is it worth contributing to a 401k if the match is only .20 for every dollar up to 5% of my salary (50k)?
21 year old senior @ NYU - 2K in savings, looking for advice?
Complicated situation with my credit report - options?
Are you suppose to update your credit card companies with your employment?
Capital gain this year - include in income for credit limit increase?
How long will it take me to rebuild my credit after defaulting on my student loans?
Does prepaying on student loans effect the monthly payment once repayment actually begins?
When requesting loans or financing, why dont banks and lenders tell you the chance of getting approved based on your credit score?
I'm 23. At my age are ROTH 401ks and ROTH IRAs strictly better than their non-ROTH counter parts?
Sell AAPL to pay off Auto &amp; Student loans?
Adding my Mom as an Authorized User?
Student loan forgiveness for teachers???
thinking of buying home, within my budget?
Considering a few grad schools, is it worth applying to some of them because of the cost?
What's the smartest 401k option for me? Fidelity Target Retirement or S&amp;P Index + Bond Fund?
Just watched a PBS Frontline documentary on retirement investing. Depressing as hell. Got me thinking: what do other countries do for funding/realizing retirement?
Married college student with child. Veteran. Should I buy a cheap home, or just rent?
My husband and I are living paycheck to paycheck and it's starting to really stress me out. What can we do to get out of this situation?
Investing in Traditional IRA while working Overseas?
I've finally been approved for a credit card, how do I build credit? (UK)
18m here, is 8,75$/hour good for a 4 week summer job? Is there any better option like starting some kind of home business?
Do Annuities Always Have Fixed Payment Intervals?
Grad School: I've been declined a Direct Plus Loan and need to find a co-signer. I hate to do this, but I think its the only way I'm able to finish.What are my options?
r/PF, How much do YOU think you would make if you sold all of your unused/unwanted things?
Does a line of credit help or hurt credit score?
Considering moving to the city and getting rid of may car. Has anyone done it without regrets?
Anyone else pissed off with neighbors who are choosing not paying their mortgages?
Received 490k inheritance, have some goals, what do you think?
Tips on separating money and family?
Should I pay off my car?
Mint question: I bought a house and didn't add it to Mint right away. Now my trends are broken. Is there any way to fix this?
Just graduated from law school: $170k in debt with a $110k salary. How should I manage my debt with savings so I can start building a solid financial future?
Do I need umbrella insurance?
Advice on how to settle student loan dilemma?
Tax Breaks for Gifting Parents money?
Anybody want to see my budget spreadsheet?
Can I buy a house next year? How?
Can I move out on my own?
Can't afford all my bills, which student loan should I get forbearance on?
Has anyone succeeded in getting Mint to add support for your bank?
Can/should I buy a (used) car while only making $240 a week?
Baby coming - start attacking debts or socking away cash?
Landlord cashed my correctly-written check for $500 less than face value - and called me about it 15 months later?
Can anyone elaborate on the difference between a mutual fund and an Index fund beyond that one is actively and one is passively managed?
No debts, no assets, diminished income potential, just awarded of ~$50,000. How best to make this sum "work" for me?
Saving up for a car. ESPP a good way to save?
How can you improve your credit score with a credit card?
How should I invest my savings towards a down payment for a house?
Any advice for a first time credit card account?
Is an NPSL credit card bad for your credit score?
(CA) Advice, what should someone with $2500-3000 savable monthly income do beyond depositing in TFSA and RRSP?
What is the first thing you would change about our budget?
Best use of 100K in short term?
[eTrade] Can I transfer stocks from individual account to Roth IRA?
Sell house or rent it out?
Secured my job, but no money for 30-45 days. I'm building my plan around a credit card, any advice?
Easy ways to inventory my things for valuation &amp; insurance purposes? (xpost r/howto)
Pay down student loans or car loan first?
What is wrong with this plan?
We made it to retirement, now what?
Can someone explain a flexible spending account to me?
Old 401k; Should I rollover or continue to let it sit?
Does it make sense to have multiple retirement accounts if i'm only contributing to one?
Trying to get my first credit card, any recommendations/suggestions/advice?
I graduated college, got a job and am now looking for an apartment. What should I be paying for rent?
New business owner, is it worth getting a business credit card and how?
Which funds to invest in Vanguard?
How to build credit?
Knowing that a job you've been offered will likely only last 3 years, would you take it if it offered you a 25% increase in your current salary BUT moved you down in title by 3 levels?
Comcast account creation just ran 4 hard inquiries on my account? Wtf?
Where to save money for brother's college? What are some alternatives to just a high yield savings account?
Concerned 55 yr old parents don't have enough for retirement. How can I help?
Question about liquidity and short term investments. Should I invest into my business? What are the pros and cons of other investment vehicles?
Super responsible with student loans; can I take it a step further with loan consolidation?
Buy a new home now or wait? And sell my current, or turn it into a rental?
Should I refinance my auto loan?
What's the best bank for a free checking account?
What bank offers the best rewards for signing up for a Checking Account? What about for a Credit Card?
I have excellent credit... my husband has shit credit and he's the breadwinner. Is it possible to get a home loan?
What is the best thing to do with $5000 right now?
I want to invest in stocks and I have $1000 dedicated to this, how do I start?
Free Credit Score Websites - Which one is most legit/best?
Parents have no income, what can I do?
What's the best way to exchange dollars for Euros?
Will today's announcement affect my home loan application?
Aggressive student loan repayment plan?
FHA Mortgage Reduction Program?
Can you pay half on Credit Card and half on a Debit?
Will someone help me out with my situation?
College student working on building my credit. Where to go from here?
Non-EU international student in Netherlands, how to create an income?
Do companies who do 401k matching, match after each paycheck or just once at the end of the year?
Cash out struggling stocks to pay off car completely or keep them going?
US Equity Advantage - Bi-weekly car payment service?
Is Working with Debt Collectors a Better Option than Debt Relief Firms?
Car financing for credit boost?
Is taking out a credit card for a $100.00 sign up bonus and then cancelling the card worth it? (CA)
Vehicles: what, how much, what to afford?
Q: Is there a web site where I can search business by their abbreviated names on credit card statements ?
How do charge cards affect credit score?
In the wake of the traveling talk - I'm going to US for 6 months; what do I need to know?
Should I be paying federal income tax?
Are there any downsides to using a credit card for every purchase you make and paying it off monthly to get rewards?
Impulsive artistic sister needs to hand off her finances. Who can she trust?
What order should I pay off my student loans to minimize the interest owed?
23 YO Blank Slate- Starting Career, Any Tips for Saving?
Which investment strategy should I use to offset a car loan? Or...
Is it helpful to my credit to keep a small balance on my student loans, or should I pay them off in full?
I lost my Social Security Card, what does that mean and what can I do?
Is there ever a good time to scale back 401k contributions?
Which debt should I pay first? Credit card or tax? (AU)
Ways to get out of a new car?
Is there any benefit to consolidating separate retirement funds?
I'm new to this, but what can I do better?
How large of a loan can I receive from a friend without needing to report it?
Can I negotiate with my credit card payment?
Tips and advice for a 23 year old college grad getting back on his feet?
Can someone explain how a Roth IRA compounds?
Need advice: Should I get a job or stay at home with new baby?
Savings bonds have reached face value. Hang on to them or cash in and invest?
Setting Financial Goals Despite Massive Student Loan Debt?
Should I be saving more?
Credit Utilization Magic Number?
Are you ready to buy a house? Some numbers on my extra expenses
Investing for outside US? What are the equivalents of roth iras etc?
Should I move my Roth?
Just graduated with my master's...how and what to tackle first? (kinda long)
I have a brokerage account that is just shy of $5k. There is a suggestion from the brokerage site to basically invest in ETF's in certain ratios based on risk. Is this strategy better than just dumping it into the DJIA, S&amp;P, and NASDAQ?
Self-employed for only a few years. Income is increasing.. Am I doing okay so far?
What bank/budget software will help me keep $ for bills in savings and only the $ I'm free to spend in checking?
I just found Mint (through this sub)... but it wants access to my bank account and credit cards? Uhhmm... maybe my paranoia is kicking in...
What's the safest way for a grad student to go about a (relatively small) loan?
Paying down some debt - Which to pay off?
Recent grad w/ 30k in student loans, thinking about getting a new car. good idea, or terrible one?
Do I have a good plan?
New jobs for myself and spouse, lots of health insurance options. How do I choose?
Should I start looking for another credit card? Seeking general financial advice from the US. Thanks!
$8000 to invest - looking for an IRA + something else?
Is Balance Transfer better than having a different credit card for different stores? If so, what's the best credit card to do this with?
Is a Home Improvement Loan a wise idea?
How do investments affect student loans for prospective medical schools/graduate schools/etc. students?
Two old 401ks to IRA, Roth IRA, or something else - ideas?
Books?
Best personal finance software? (alternative to Mint)
I need to switch from a local credit union to something with more coverage nationwide. What's the best route to take?
How should I invest in my 401k? Or should I worry about my 401k later and focus on a Roth IRA for now? (I read the FAQ and searched previous posts)
What should I do with this Fidelity mutual fund?
Anyone know whether it's possible to still get the full grant from Student Finance without getting the full loan? And is it wise? (UK)
Any advice for helping my stubborn dad understand YNAB?
Better to let it drop or pay it off?
What does "CT" written on a check mean?
At what point do you decide your choosings in an IRA sucked and redo it?
I am not in the military and neither do I have family in the military. How can I obtain an USAA membership to obtain a car insurance?
Worthwhile to start 401k at job I'm leaving in 1-2 months?
Offered more direct loan money than I need for tuition, should I accept?
Are we entering a Bear Market? Should I move my investments to a Money Market?
Father self employed 80% of his life - as such no pension. Mother works as a preschool nurse (same story). Neither have made investments. Are they fucked?
Youtube Payments in the US and taxing?
Can I pay off a part of my first purchase on a credit card before my credit score is calculated?
New car?
Is it normal to be charged a POS fee of 25 cents?
Question on having two upside-down cars?
Noob question: Is there a right way to sell/buy stocks?
Is my Vanguard account also a 401k?
After taking a year off at community college from a 4 year university and acquiring about 4k in student loans, do I return back to my 4 year college and pay using grants and loans?
Get dental insurance or pay out of pocket?
Company reimbursing lots of money - which credit card should I use?
Where do I get started?
Is debt consolidation a good idea?
Implications of opening a store CC for rewards and closing it the same month?
A debt collector contact me and I sent a validation letter via certified mail but no return receipt. Am I in deep sh*t?
Anything wrong with using a Credit Card for the perks if you're responsible?
I'm 21 and have saved up roughly $10k, what should I be doing with it? More info in thread.
When in the year to open an IRA?
2 years out of college, working, saving for a house, where should I put my money? All advice welcome.
Using You Need A Budget, how should I budget my cushion in my checking?
Do I need to change my credit card info on my automatic payments?
Home insurance that offers cellphone protection?
With $30k yearly, how would you distribute $30k of savings in Roth IRAs?
So I just put a ton of cash in Fidelity Advisor High Income FundClass A (FHIAX)... and it seems to be nose diving. What to do ???
Maxed out 401K and ROTH IRA, what are my next savings options?
Planning long-term finance for the first time. How's this look?
Financial security with no health insurance?
EU centric personal finance?
$65k in old employer's 401(k}. It's been sitting there for a year, should I roll over to an IRA?
Advice on optimal strategy?
Is it better to increase my contributions to my existing retirement accounts or invest in a new one?
Mint - What to do with transactions done for others?
Saved cash for a new laptop, should I finance anyway to build credit?
Thoughts about investing/retirement saving for a stay-at-home mom?
Is it always a good idea to refinance your mortgage to a lower rate?
Should I invest or pay down my student loans?
18 yo How do I build credit?
Should I invest or pay down my student loan debt? (US)
Best and affordable credit score/report from all 3 bureaus on monthly fees?
I put down a large down payment on a house but ran into some credit card debt - what to do?
Wont need a loan for the next 6 months, should I open as many no-fee credit cards as possible to boost my credit score?
My employer doesn't do 401(k) matching, and I'm probably going to leave in 2 years. Is there any point to starting a 401(k) now?
What are some ways to reduce my tax?
My hours at work have been cut as a direct result of "Obamacare." What can I do?
How to calculate savings on potential mortgage interest vs investing Inherited IRA account?
Preparing for Alzheimer's?
Private investigator says my mom has a lot of money owed to her. How do I find it?
Capital One bought my the company I have my longest-held Credit Card with. I still have an account in collections from Capital One from ~10 years ago. Can one affect the other?
How did I mess up asking for a credit limit increase on my Capital One card?
Just graduated with 35,000 in Canadian Student Loans. Was recently gifted 35,000 in USD from parents. What do?
Considering trading in my car? Advice?
How are we doing?
Which 401k Funds?
I have exercised stock options in a startup that may soon go public. What's the best strategy here?
How large of an emergency fund? (UK/US)
Where does all the money go?
(US) Can't live in underwater house. What next?
Is consolidating my private student loans worth it?
I'm a 30 year old healthy male. What types of insurance policies should I purchase?
Outrageous Cancellation Charge - Can it hurt to dispute?
What percent of your net worth is in retirement savings?
Is having multiple airline credit cards a good idea?
I am 18 years old and i want to open a bank account, which bank should i choose (Chase, Wells Fargo, etc)? and what steps should i take when i open the bank account?
How do I fix this?
Is Long Term Disability Insurance worth it? In what circumstances would it be appropriate to consider this extra insurance?
100k from moonlighting. What do I do with it?
Young adult with steady job getting ready to move out - what finances do I need to take into account?
I'm 22 and I have $42,000, no debt, no job, and live at home. How can I take this money and make more of it?
My dad is awesome...and what do I do with this?
Should I pay off my debt all at once?
R/personalfinance: I am a financial "noob": how bad is it, really, to cancel a credit card?
Best personal finance software?
My friend may have given her name, phone, address, and last 4 of her SSN to scammers. What could they do with that, and how can she best protect herself?
We want to expand, should we buy or rent?
Bought a house Feb 2012 for $85k, just looked up a few online estimates that were around $130k. Are things really getting better so quickly? (I live in CA)
Paying off Sallie Mae while still in school?
22 years old and zero credit. Suggestions for first credit card?
savings or paying off debt with baby in the future?
I have enough money for a trip or an apartment...what would reddit do/is there a way to accomplish both?
What are the new tax rules impacting gay marriage?
What are the long term effects of filing for bankruptcy?
What is the best way to save for college? (USA)
Would actively investing equities through an account in my parents name have a positive, negative, or neutral effect on their taxes?
At what point are you saving for no point other than to save money?
I contributed, for the first time, to a ROTH IRA. What's next?
Thoughts on "Wealthfront," investment management made easy?
Should we stay or go? Mortgage, possible bankruptcy questions.
Temporarily Quit Saving to Pay Off Car Loan Faster?
What are my chances of getting a loan from a credit union with a score of 618?
Life Insurance Agent? I think we can do it ourselves....
How reliable is Ally Bank?
AMT - when does it start to really kick in?
Does it make more sense to buy a used car, or lease a new one?
Where can I get a loan for a used car that is slightly too old for my bank to finance?
What is medical bankruptcy?
Facing an insurmountable amount of debt upon graduation, mostly private. What can I do?
Which mortgage is better to prepay? Primary residence or rental?
Any good salary calculator when considering moving to a new city?
Forclosed in 2010, now I'm being sued?
Closing on a home at the end of July. Should I lock my rate or float?
What's with the open hate from TD for their e-series index funds? I'm kind of pissed (CA)
Why is this hurting my credit?
Mint is not available in my country (Australia). What other good options are out there?
Student loan refinancing?
House Poor, suggestions?
Should I put my wedding on a credit card?
Getting married in December--how will this year's taxes be affected?
Dangers to opening online-only savings/MMA?
Pre-tax and roth contributions to 401(k) in the same account?
I need help. I just got a notice from IRS saying my education credits cannot be verified. Did I mess up?
Zero credit, some savings, want to buy a new car. Advice?
I'm 26 And Trying To Plan For The Future. Best Use For Extra Money?
Should I even be saving for retirement yet?
Ways to get 2-5% return in 2-5 years?
Severance package at risk: I've recently been looking for a job. An opportunity came up in which they want me to start July 15th. In order for me to receive my severance I need to make it through August 15th. What do I do?
401K is closing, should I rollover to a Roth?
Hey guys, I'm 21 years old making approximately 35,000/year. Am I doing this right?
Stuck with a house, after 2 years of trying to sell is it best to cut losses or move to renting ?
Progress on my net worth feels awesome. Any advise now that I'm about to have credit cards paid off in the next few months?
Windfall - what do I do first? HALP
Fiance and I are opening a savings account for our Emergency Fund is Ally a good bank?
Car financing? I really need some help. Please.
How to pay off student debt without a job?
How much to spend on health insurance?
Should I take out a personal loan to invest in a company?
Getting started investing- IRA or not?
Looking to start getting my wrecked credit back in order. Any suggestions on a credit card that basically anyone can get approved for?
What, to you guys and girls, is a comfortable salary in the US?
Tax deductible donations? (U.S.)
Went to the ER months ago, just heard about an unpaid bill through a debt collector, need to pay by the end of June... uhm, what?
Potential promotion and a potential move? (CA)
What's a fair credit limit I should ask for?
I have £5700 I want to put away. Should I invest in Premium Bonds, ISA or something else? (UK)
[29/m, Florida] I have no vehicle and I need to get a new job to afford one. I can't get a new job without a vehicle...can anyone advise me on how to get out of this?
How much should I budget for a move?
Looking to improve my credit score. Credit cards?
What % of your net income goes to your mortgage (principal/interest/taxes/insurance) payment?
Is it worth investing in gold(IE)?
Credit Card, which one is right for me?
How do YOU max your Roth IRA?
Is it advisable to sell some gold we currently own to generate cash for a down payment for a home?
Paying of Student loans while in grad school?
I have a new job and a new 4 column columnar pad. How do I use it?
What should I do about income taxes?
Freshman entering college, family struggling to find the money to pay, how do I determine how much to borrow to minimize debt?
Are low dollar Acquisition sale's a scam?
401k. Which funds should I pick?
Taking a year off working, can I take advantage of my low tax bracket in some way?
How do I find an old investment account?
How do you track your expenses?
Sallie Mae smart option student loan for $17,000 ineligible for deferment while in school?
Need a AutoLoan Where should I go from here ??
How does adsense work for taxes?
Starting a new job on Monday. What would you do in my shoes?
My friend needs to make $3000 by September to continue college. How can he accomplish this?
Should You Worry About Bond Funds if Interest Rates Rise? [2 Articles]
19/F/Student loans (US) Help??
Unusual problem: How to stop being a cheapskate?
Personal finance redditors, what did you wish you budgeted over the first five, even ten years of your working life?
Does anyone have experience and advice with personal finances in Manhattan, New York?
What budget software would you recommend for a 21 year old that owns a home?
I'd like to get a credit card, but I have no credit history. What are my options?
Does paying a credit card a few days early reduce interest?
How do you guys manage your money?
Why Scottrade doesn't sell Money Market Mutual funds?
New to credit, When to apply for 2nd card? And some other questions. Thank You
Is a membership to BJs/Costco worth it?
Recently Laid Off - What are my next steps?
Is it better to save some money while paying off credit card or put all available funds on the card until it is at zero?
What score should I have if I want to get a 2nd credit card for the purposes of lowering credit utilization?
Completely curious, what is your highest credit limit on a credit card?
Looking to get a second credit card, which and what limit should I ask for?
[25/Maryland] I finally paid off my credit card...what now? Also can you teach me about Federal Credit Unions?
I'm 18 years old, living on my own, and about to enter college. How can I best manage my income to make it through this first year?
ETFs or Mutual Funds for Taxable Accounts?
[CA] What do you think of our plan to live simple and retire to part-time work?
How should I proceed financially (mainly loans questions)?
Use my employee stock purchase plan to help pay for student loans?
Student loans for security?
First credit card - been repeatedly denied for student/no credit history cards due to lack of credit history?
PF, I am a 16-year-old with roughly $1000 cash in my bank account. What do I do with it?
401(k) and/or IRA for first time investor?
PF redditors, what are some good tips for life after high school?
Home owners of reddit (AU), how did you afford your first home?
UK economic meltdown. Scary stuff - but real? (UK)
(AU) Anyone here making more or less around $60,000/year? How is your quality of life? Joining the military.
Dinged on ChexSystem for overdrawn checking, any recourse?
What should I do with my $6K? College kid, first job?
Making a checklist of all the things necessary for financial independence from the parents. Can someone more knowledgeable check/critique what I have so far?
Where can I find an excel version of unbury.me?
Just got my first good job out of college whats next?
Best way to go about student loans?
Does adsense have any strings attached?
Is this a workable tax dodge? (UK)
Is it worth it to convert a 401k to a Roth IRA? Is it even possible?
US - 20M - $110/hr Software Development Consultant - What to do?
help and advise?
Student loan won't be in for another 2 months, need $2,000 to cover rent/food. What are my options for short-term credit?
If I give a personal loan is that considered an asset?
I put ~$830 on a credit card with a single purchase, and I missed the payment due date by 3 days (due 27th, paid in full on the 30th) - How will this affect my credit? Will my credit score take a big hit? Any estimations on how much it'll drop?
Roll over 401k to what? 5 years from retirement age. Unemployable now.
Can you pay off student loans to fast?
Where to bank, help?
27k in savings, what should I do with it?
About to move out for the first time. I. Make about $500 a week. Is $925 a month too much too spend on rent? Utilities are included.
New college graduate, just landed very high paying job. I know very little about PF/investing/retirement. Can anyone suggest a book or give advice?
[Emergency Funds] What do you use to counter inflation rates?
401k with employer matching 6% before out after emergency fund?
Im an 18 year old with a part time job, What are some things I should do with my money?
Best USA Credit Cards w/ Smart Chip?
Would leasing a car for a year or two, to save up for a purchase, be better then buying a cheaper, poorer quality car?
Getting rid of a single-pay lease. Recipient wants to pay me monthly. How do I protect myself?
I'm considering a rewards credit card. What should I know before I apply for one?
Closing Bank Account - Long Term Effects?
Taking on new credit cards and closing old ones: good or bad for credit score?
How to tell SO to share misc expenses?
Is it a bad idea to buy a car?
Questions from a 17 year old in high school?
Is my asset allocation too risky?
Best Rewards Credit Card?
How much &amp; how long does being over credit limit hurt a credit score?
i have around $10k in savings , I have decent and secure income every month, what can I do with this $10k , invest somewhere or put it in a Fixed deposit paying me 8-9% every year?
How can I get out of my $2,000 cc debt with the least amount of credit points taken?
At what point should you start consulting an accountant or other financial professional?
Withdrawal From College to Support Parents? Please Help Me.
What to take into account for end of life planning?
Late student loan payments in 2006 - How do I get them off my credit report?
How to balance a significant other that earns significantly less?
Should I keep cash in savings, or pay down mortgage before I sell?
100+ pt. difference between TransUnion and Experian - Should I be concerned?
My single mother recently became disabled and may not work again and has no savings. What can I do?
Pay more monthly or all at once on IBR student loans?
Planning To Buy First Home: OK to keep car loan when applying for house loan?
Drop to liability only on car?
Aggressively paying down debt using the snowball method...any other suggestions/tips for me?
[Student loan] I have some student, should I take on more and invest my savings?
Is there anything that can be done about my student loans from 2003-2007?
Completely lost on how to handle retirement contributions. Help?
Can someone explain this to me?
What is some advice to have before moving into an apartment for your first time?
how much are taxes for a non-business ride on a corporate jet?
How much do you spend a month on Fun? (Entertainment)
Ideal way to finance this?
When to move from secured credit card to a regular credit card?
How can I calculate my new take home salary after 401K contribution?
Priorities for a college student with graduation looming in the future: pay off my small debt all at once, or have some (more) cash on hand?
I would like to switch banks from Bank of America. Is there a good alternative that has mobile banking as well?
How will a medical bill, that went to a collections agency affect my credit?
i have $10k in the bank, but $35k in student loans. best option for me?
Does anyone know anything about MassMutual?
Should I pay off my last available credit card even though my credit rating is abominable?
When are 2013 Roth IRA contributions due by?
At what interest rates do you make extra payments or just the minimums and invest elsewhere?
I have $2,100 sitting in a Roth IRA. Interested in investing in an index fund but I'm lost. Should I invest the whole amount? Which Index fund is best for a noob?
Best savings account/fund for college for my daughter?
[credit card]- getting rid of old unused high annual fee credit card? hurting your score?
Really upset with Chase right now, is there anything I can do about it?
Do distributions (dividends, etc) count as contributions in a Roth IRA?
To start a 401K or Roth IRA if employer does not match 401K?
Can I adjust my W-4 allowances while my wife is pregnant?
Recently married, still filing as single. Should I change my filing status?
Should I roll over my 401K? Rate of return is 5.2%
Better Housing/Commute Options?
I have two derogatory marks. How can I found out what they are?
Can I make a direct deposit into a someone else's account with a credit card?
Phone company attempting to send debt collectors after me for a non-existent debt - credit report help? (UK)
What to do with 44K Public Employees Retirement System account after leaving?
On IBR. $170K in debt. Would it even make sense to pay more than the minimum?
Savings Account vs. CD for ~2-3 year savings goal?
Is my current plan economically sound ?
South Florida House Underwater by $260k - Options?
Is there a 'best' way to pay back student loans?
to pay off debt in collections or not?
Pay off college loan in bulk?
Falling behind?!
Received $10,000 starting bonus, but may need access to it. Invest it in brokerage account?
I just got out of college, I have about 16k loan with SallieMae. What steps should I take to pay it off?
Not sure what I should do? Should I sell my Condo? (CA)
Retirement Choices???
Thinking about financial advising as a career. Where do I start?
Does a company CC increase my credit limit?
How much do you have saved for retirement?
Recent college grad starting new job with signing bonus; pay off cc debt or build savings?
How did you afford a down payment on a home?
401k meeting tomorrow at work. What should I ask?
I feel like I'm not saving enough. Am I?
Pay off my credit card or personal loan? Both similar interest. (NZ)
Recommended breakdown?
Should I switch from PNC free checking to Capital One 360?
Bill Me Later: Worth it?
Ally vs Alliant CU?
I'm (US) and and currently looking to move out, i know my rent limits, set up a makeshift budget (still fine tuning) but how do i determine if this Landlord/renter relationship will be the right one?
US Citizen living abroad since 2005, has not filed taxes in 7 years. What should I do?
Interest rates on my loans taken out between 2006-2010 just went up, is this right?
Question about W4 withholding allowances - why does the calculator produce a different number than the form?
Vanguard account or just shares?
Will postponing my student loan payments negatively affect my credit score?
I have 10K in a fidelity SEP and 5K in a BOA Traditional. What do I do with them?
Where to open my Roth IRA? (In New York)
What to do with my 401K and IRA?
Loan disbursement question. What should I do with that huge wad of cash while I'm not using it? Should I try to find a high yield savings account?
Any negative consequences to paying down a debt now if I'm waiting on loan consolidation?
Opened a taxable brokerage account with Vanguard. However, I don't have a ROTH IRA yet. What should I do?
I'm 28, just started a job with a 401(a), never thought about retirement until now. Tips?
Estimate for sidewalk repair?
I'm 26/M, married, and want kids. What type of life insurance should I get?
Thinking about getting an Amazon Store Card. Thoughts, comments, or complaints from previous users?
22M, living at home, bachelors degree, working. As a sheltered child, what expenses should I save for when I leave home? Tell me like I'm 5 if needed, thanks!
How would you allocate your contributions to my 401K plan?
$1,500. What to do with it?
What are some tips to reduce your monthly budget while maintaining quality of life?
No credit activity in 6 months, now I don't have a credit score?
Should I get a second credit card?
Save like a parent; live like a millionaire?
What percent of your before tax earnings do you save for retirement?
(AU) Taking my name off of our house, issues?
Involved in a car crash: go through insurance or take person at fault's money?
As a self-employed phone sex operator, what can I claim as a tax deduction?
Is there a downside to closing an AMEX account?
What to do when you suddenly hit your overdraft limit and are unable to keep up with financial payments? (UK)
Moving abroad?
22 years old, full time job and 0 expenses. Best way to save as much as possible for the next 3/4 years?
What expense category do most of you consider Capital Gains tax?
Should I buy a house?
Roll over old employer's 401(k) to IRA?
Can you guys help me with this description of paying a loan back early?
How/where to buy vanguard ETF/index funds?
Looking to get a 2nd job to help pay off debt, is it worth it?
Single, $81k in a low cost of living area. What could I do better?
Employer offered to hear me out on possibly moving the company's 401k offering to any other company - Which one should I choose and why?
Retirement contributions maxed, behind on retirement savings. Must I use a taxable account?
Entering my junior year of university. I have a part-time job that I will be able to keep for the next two years at least. Considering my location/cost of living, what kind of savings goal should I have for graduation? (Details listed inside)
Pay off Visa card or continue investing ?
Vanguard Target Retirement Fund or Admiral Funds Allocation?
How to not feel guilty about spending money?
I need renter's insurance, and have never had it before. What will be good to know?
Capital One is closing Perk Central for the Venture card? Will there be a replacement?
Is it a good idea for me to get a second credit card?
Pay off Mortgage or Invest? Details Inside...
What to Invest in with my Roth IRA?
Identity theft protection for dying father?
Should you ever pay nothing down?
Should I make small charges on paid-off CC's to improve payment history?
Can you sell a home and use the proceeds to pay off a HELOC?
Push all current and future savings into new house b/c of rising interest rate?
Private Student Loan Application Deadline?
Lower 401 contribution and put in savings instead?
Cannot contribute to TSP for another two years, save or invest 10k?
Could you help me fix my HSA? (This could happen to you!)
[College]How much loans should I take out and how should I plan for the future?
Lost co-signer, one more year of school. Need to finance with private loans. Advice?
I have terrible credit and not sure how to bounce back...can you help me?
I just got a new job earning 31,000k per year, what steps should I take to be financially independent? Details inside
PF or Advice for Someone With a Disability?
Retired living on SS, 30k in IRA, 80k taxable investments. What's the best way to protect savings (i.e. catastrophic medical) for son's education only ?
403(b) Pre or Post Tax?
Credit Card Debt - Where do I stand? Is it time to take drastic measures?
Online savings accounts?
Wife and I want to buy car and improve credit; options?
Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS)??
Looking to buy shirts for work. How many do I buy?
I'm looking to start building credit. Anyone have advice on ways to build credit safely?
I'm 30 years old, single, no kids, no debt, no savings, no assets, with $4,000 per month left over. How can I make the most of it?
How much to put in a Roth IRA without knowing my income exactly?
My Bank said I am eligible for a mortgage modification. How to I prepare myself before talking to them? (California)
Do I put all my extra income to student loan debt or put a little in a Roth IRA too?
It's 3 years off, but definitely doesn't feel too early to start thinking about now. Is it better overall to pay off a huge student debt, or use IBR to wipe it after 25 years?
Medical bill from looser ex-husband's DUI. He has no traceable job so they are pursuing me. Help???
What are some good business/personal finance/entrepreneurial books I can read?
Can I use HSA funds to pay old medical bills?
Parents are considering real estate investment, can I get any second opinions?
Transfer higher interest loan to a CC?
New college grad earning $60k, received $65k inheritance. I'm thinking about a new BMW M3, Audi S4, or used GT-R. Thoughts?
31, No Debt, $155k Income, $80k in savings - where do I invest?
How should I prepare for owning a second home?
I have no credit and I need a car in the next couple months. What are my options?
Disability insurance costs. Is this price reasonable?
Will I not build credit if they spelled my name wrong on my electric bill?
What would you do different?
College graduate. No debt. Credit history of 4 years. 60k annual salary. Which credit card should I get?
What credit score gets you the best mortgage rates, and how much can opening a new credit card hurt your score?
Applying for credit card and they cannot verify my social security number?
Is it worth contributing to a traditional IRA/401k after contribution matching instead of having a brokerage account?
New Nurse: Should I pay off undergraduate loans, finish my doctoral education, or save?
(22) Need someone to sit down and explain how my finances work. How do I choose a financial planner?
How can I extend the grace period on my student loans, both from a bank (Wells Fargo) and federal loans from FAFSA (Sallie Mae)?
To holiday or save for a house? (AU)
For profit school signed me up for maximum student loans when I asked for the minimum (direct cost). What is the best way to handle this?
Do you ever worry that your unused credit cards will get shut down from inactivity?
Is cooking at home really worth it if you value your time more?
Why are credit card interest rates so high when the federal funds rate is so low?
First-time real estate buyer: when to buy?
Psychological/practical tips to keep you on track?
Personal loans, what docs needed?
I am over 30, and I think I need to get my first credit card to improve my (fair?) credit.
(CA) Need $1200 fast for school payments - debt consolidation loan?
Scholarships for high school? (IN)
Which apartment do you think would be the better deal?
Tips for keeping track of fast food budget when I get reimbursed half the time?
What would happen if everyone took advantage of tax advantaged accounts? How would it affect the government?
"Don't take out more in student loans than you plan on making in your first year of working fulltime after college." Good advice or not?
How do you pick a bank?
I have a internship this summer which will leave me with roughly 6000 dollars worth of free capital. What should I do with it?
Where to find tax consultants/preparers? (x-post from r/tax)
Me and my dad had a falling out with our agreement, advice?
Basics of online banking/choosing a bank for a college student?
How much should I be using my new credit card ? I'm nineteen and this is my first credit card.
Best Secured Credit Card?
Which is more tax efficient, an ETF or an index mutual fund?
May be moving to higher priced city for new job. Roughly, what percentage of a monthly income should be devoted towards rent?
Using 401k to pay for education - ever appropriate?
getting a personal loan as a student fixed or variable? (AU)
I've taken the updated Personal Finance Tracker and tweaked it for myself... now what?
Is there a masterlist of cards with RFID chips?
Oregon has proposed a novel investment approach to loans: free tuition at public universities in exchange for 3% earnings for the first 25 years after graduation. Thoughts?
Planet Money says 2 credit cards minimum in case one bank fails/adjusts limit. Is it the right time to get a second if I have debt on the first?
Savings or Student Loans?
401k not performing well. What am I doing wrong or where can I learn more?
Have you ever sat down and really tried figuring out how much you needed to retire... and then figured your annual as well as monthly savings?
Just got married...how does the credit work from here out?
Should credit cards and debit cards be from the same bank? (CA)
I have $1000 to do whatever I want with. What is the best thing to do with it? (Redirected from r/AskReddit)
How does a balance transfer affect my credit?
If someone pays back all their credit card bills on time, and has no other problems, is there any interest or anything charged?
Anyone with knowledge willing to hazard a guess how high mortgage rates will get by 2015?
Invest or second retirement account?
Please explain to me how Roth IRA's are good in the long run even though you lose money now?
What types of retirement account options are available to someone with no income/off the books?
What Credit Card offers the best perks?
What are some things that are commonly thought of as "luxury items" but actually make sense financially?
How much should I pay a month for my final 2 loans?
Can I put car buying fees/taxes on a credit card?
Unused open lines of credit affecting new credit?
Best way to get a private student loan?
What is you preferred international credit card?
Should I even bother paying now?
Student Money Options - Should I Go For My School-Endorsed Bank?
$23k in debt, should I sell my stuff?
I bought the wrong target fund. What to do now?
Have an idea for a personal finance web tool, what do you guys think?
Using Roth IRA to fund start-up venture. Good or Bad idea?
House is worth appx. $10k less than what I owe. What would you do with it?
I'm a Chase Freedom card holder, and am curious if anyone can explain the 'free 100 dollars' thing to me?
Any tips for 18 year old who is getting kicked out and financially on my own now?
My fantasy baseball team is terrible, so I redirected my sabermetric energy into overhauling my retirement portfolio. Thoughts on this approach?
Is there an easy way to determine how much money I'll be taking home after a raise?
With $50,000 to spend, is it most wise to buy a cheap house outright, or invest in a $150,000 home with a mortgage?
I'm a soon to be college sophmore going to be in debt 100k when I get done with college should I be worried?
401(k) funds for debt elimination? Parent is crippled with debt.
How to pick which state to file taxes/withhold exemptions?
Setting up IRA - Should you use the same company that you have your 401k with?
Just found out I have a universal life insurance policy. Should we cash it out?
Investing in i-bonds as a married couple at treasury direct?
What is the next personal finance goal you are working towards? How has the process gone thus far?
High Income: Should I convert 401k to Roth IRA?
Separation from employer; roll-over/transfer TSP?
I'm Make decent money somehow can never save. Any tips suggestions?
My daughter is 4. I want to save money for her for post-high-school training or education. Mechanism?
How can I get removed from ChexSystems?
How do you find a balance between "sacrificing now for my future" and "I've earned the right to enjoy my life"?
401K Help?
Should I pull money from my 401(k) to pay off my high-interest credit card?
Auto loan - transfer to Credit Union, re-fi, etc? Help needed
Trading in car to lease something cheaper. Is it a good decision?
How do you get money OUT of an ESPP?
Waiting for a check to clear -- how long is too long?
What's the best way to send money abroad?
$2000 in a GE Pension account. What to do with it and what are the taxes/penalties associated with it?
What is a less expensive way to deposit foreign checks?
Going to grad school (this year or next year) should i continue to pay more than minimums on UG debt, or save more?
I'm sure this has been asked before, but why is vanguard seen as superior to other investment firms?
What are some good books/sites to learn about personal finance?
Layoffs/Furloughs coming, what more can I do?
Expecting my first child soon. Are 529 plans the best option for saving for college?
How can you best pull off a pay day loan?
How Much House Can We Afford?
Should I use some of my Canadian student loan to pay off the interest on my Stafford loan while I'm still in school?
Is setting my credit cards to auto-pay a bad idea?
How do I get a bank account without a local address??
Did I make a mistake buying into a bond fund?
I've been giving 80% of my paycheck to my parents in order for them to pay bills (mortgage, utilities, etc) for five years. I want to save this money so I can eventually move out. What should I do? (US)
Prior year contributions for 401ks?
What are you favorite resources on personal finance other than this subreddit?
Does it ever make sense to Lease a car?
"Debt Collections" company harassing me, sig. other, &amp; our friends and family. Advice?
How to lay out a plan for my mother's (seemingly depressing) financial future?
recent home buyers in NYC (or other very high cost of living areas): how did you do it?
Trying to take advantage of mileage reimbursement, should I trade in my car?
I earn ~ 4.2k per month in commissioned sales. What sort of visa credit limit should I carry?
Which fund for my fiance's 401k?
How can I get my SO to realize that he's going to be committing mortgage suicide?
Roth 401k Which Funds?
How in the world are people supposed to afford graduate school??
How much should I be contributing to my 401k?
How do taxes work if a US Citizen works in Canada or some foreign country and retains their citizenship?
Idk if this is the right place, but am I entitled to scholarship money I never received?
Can they (ally) just change my loan details on the fly?
Just got engaged. Now what?
Should I use home equity to pay off debt?
What's the difference between after tax contributions to a 401(k) and a ROTH IRA?
Why does my bank delay a check deposit if I have recent overdrafts?
Is it ever advisable to opt out of an employer's 401(k) plan (due to really high expense fees, like &gt;2.26%) with no matching and open a traditional and Roth IRA?
Close cards to improve length of credit history?
To go paperless or not?
Should I downgrade my life insurance policy?
Pay off student loans with inheritance?
Federal Parent PLUS loans: Anyone know how to deal with these monsters?
Just found out I owe 20k to the IRS I don't have. Now what?
Best way for college student to save small amount of money?
Still need to file 2012 taxes - options/consequences??
How much do you pay per month for car insurance?
Calculating Income Tax?
Advice/tips on HUGE student loan situation?
Should I get student loans?
What's the best way that a teenager can invest/use a few hundred grand?
Can a debt be put back on my credit report after it has fallen off?
Buying a house well before having kids, what does PF think about this?
How does becoming a joint account holder on a spouse's credit card affect average credit history?
Help combining two credit cards into one? Is this even possible?
Recent promotion, income has more than doubled. Pay off (mostly student loan) debts before buying house?
(NZ) 19y/o, working full time. What should I be doing with my money?
Can I request a debt validation from a collections company after the initial 30 day window?
How would you prioritize my investment options?
I will be a dad soon. What are my options when it comes to taking care of my kid's future?
My First Credit Card; How do I build a 'good credit' history?
Should I trade high interest credit card debt for low interest car payments by selling cars and financing different ones at low rates?
How does the tax for the Roth IRA work?
Just settled with debt collectors, did I do this correctly?
Is it okay to leave all of my 401k money in a Fidelity Freedom Fund?
How to know if it's worth going back to school?
Should I accept a subsidized loan to help my credit? Also how does repayment work
Do you Susu? (or tanda, or kae, or... ?)
r/personalfinance: What do I do with $75,000 cash? Here's my situation/options:
I've started to accumulate some serious medical debt. Should I file Bankruptcy?
How can one pick up and move in this economy and current job market?
Does checking your credit report hurt your credit score?
How did I end up with a credit score, when I have never had to pay any kind of lone, credit card, or anything that would affect my score?
Just pre-approved for first mortgage. Currently renting. How to go about terminating lease if we find a house to buy? [TEXAS]
Is selling a (working) 3 year old car that is still under finance a bad idea?
Should I be adjusting my 401(k) fund choices?
Best place to start?
Why is my paycheck being "taxed" almost twice as much as it was at this time last year?
Downsized my life and expenses, what to do with all my income now?
Mint.com for UK and USA?? (Student Loan Company - UK)
Changing jobs... what to do with 401k savings?
I tried to open a bank account today and got declined (ChexSystems). The manager said I might have zero credit. How do I proceed?
Remember about four weeks ago how the Dow and S&amp;P fell sharply?
My adult child stole from me via check. Bank allowed it. What do I do? [Details inside]
Question on a wrongful 'missed appointment charge' and getting sent to collections. Do I have any recourse? How badly would this affect my credit score?
Starting first job - what should my 401k allocation be?
Second credit card vs credit limit increase on first card?
What to do with my TSP?
Being charged for payments to US? [UK]
Guys what the beat credit card out there?
I just got my first big-boy job. I'm going to have money for the first time in my life. I don't even have a savings account. Where do I begin?
Can someone give me some info on this...how do credit card companies do this?
How do you track interest on Federal Loans?
Unsure of my next step. Time to move out of my parent's house?
Evaluating job offer - no benefits. How to save for retirement?
Anyone have experience with American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card?
My company was recently bought and our private stock is being cashed out. I'd like to roll the proceeds into a retirement account. Advice on how best to proceed re: taxes and retirement planning?
I just received $300,000. What is the quickest way to improve my credit score/profile? How long will it take?
Mid-20s U.S. business owner, married, solid income - not investing, but interested in short to mid-term income/wealth growth (not long term). Where do I start?
PF DVDs?
Majoring In Business?
How to deal with Sallie Mae?!?
How soon after getting my first credit can I get more credit?
Are reimbursed sojourn expenses taxable? (US/JP)
Will closing a checking account hurt my chances of getting a home loan with the same bank?
Is now a good time to cash out of the stock market if I'm planning on using the money soon?
Girlfriend in college can only pay 20% of the rent. Do I move in with her?
Update on "Should I ditch my financial adviser?" post. Have a few questions...
I will soon have the cash to pay off my student loans entirely - should I pay it at once or do it over time?
What should I do with my excess cash? My 401K fees are atrocious and Roth IRA is maxed out. Please help!
Should I take out more student loans to pay off old student loans at a higher interest rate?
Should I go ahead with trade school this fall, or wait a year to get a hold of things?
Information on paperwork to be filed annually when operating a corporation and how does one "save taxes" when operating a corporation? [CA]
Mention of other job offer in order to negotiate raise at current job?
Reached a Savings Milestone - a Quarter Million! I'm 27 - Now What?
Applying for a home loan: together or alone?
I can't seem to take the plunge and invest (and should I stay with Merrill-Lynch?)
Are there benefits to Load funds over No Load funds?
Just got married, what do I use for Taxes?
How do I go about removing delinquent accounts from my credit report?
Looking at a private student loan, what Kind should I be looking for?
Advice needed: Working in law firm IT making 50k/yr, not making enough to pay 100k student loans. What steps should I be taking?
All of my student loan debt has equal interest- which do I pay first?
Take a massive pay cut, or remain on unemployment and continue search?
Can someone help me with my W-4?
(US) What is a dying man to do?
I recently had to change my withholding from 2 to 0 +$30 to avoid owing. This is literally crippling me. How do I fix this?
529 for my nephews?
Got burned twice on a closing date on our house. Do can I do anything to recoup the expenses I have incurred because of the lender?
Will taking out $24k in student loans and opening a credit card cause my Transunion score to increase by 100 points?
Car repo options? Any advice is appreciated.
Documentary: Turning $5,000 into $50,000. Ideas?
I read lots of retirement plans where people say they plan to retire by age 45 - Have any of you actually achieved it? What is your story, what advice do you have, and what is your retirement like?
Should I Ask for a Raise?
What should I do with my savings? (College Student, US)
PF, maximizing savings?
What's the German equivalent of a Vanguard index fund?
403b and Roth IRA Vanguard which one should I put more money into?
Clean, simple brokerage website?
Would you buy a house in my situation?
What's the rule of thumb for income to student debt ratio?
Old medical bill came up on credit report - should we pay it?
Help please- Should I waive my student loan or no?
What's the best credit card for a college student to build credit?
Making my own net worth app. How should I think about inflation?
First time credit card questions?
TIL I'm worth $900,000. I'm 32yo. Unmarried. I've handled my own investing and finances. Should I keep doing that or hire a wealth management firm?
What is the most money an 18 year old can make straight out of high school with little - to no experience?
How do I declare interest when cashing out an INdex fund?
Completely serious here. I will be on my own in a while and what financial programs, aid, or any other things should I know before then?
How often to use credit card?
Can I make additional contributions to a Rollover IRA?
Moving to US (FL), what outgoings will I have?
Is it possible to live in SoCal with a 40k salary?
Maxing 401k and Ira. What now?
HSA with an HRA + HDHP?
It seems to me like an IRA is fraught with risk and a bad idea. Am I missing something?
Finally can save for college for my kids. If I'm starting a 529 plan, is their any advantage to just opening one account for multiple beneficiares?
I'm opening my vanguard Roth at the moment, what funds do i pick?
26% Taxes on 42.5k salary?
Index Universal Life?
Is investing at X% really the same as paying down an X% loan?
How is credit utilization calculated?
Planning to upgrade to newer car in a year. Am I missing something with my basic savings plan here? Can I do this better?
Good stock market simulators?
I'm heading into my final year of undergraduate college with about $20,000 in debt but still have 2-3 years of grad school afterwards. Any advice for me?
No employer match. Would it be better to use my employer's Roth 401k for everything, or go with a Vanguard IRA?
Broke, starting bankrupcy now car is breaking down. What do I do?
Should I pay off student debt immediately or invest?
[International] Is there a non-painful way of tracking my earnings and spending across this maze of accounts and currencies?
NYSaves 529 Investment Options?
Anyone with TIAA-CREF? TIAA-CREF vs Vanguard?
Should I open a 529 Plan for myself?
Web Bill Pay through bank website or Automatic Payments through other company (phone, cable, etc..) website?
Will an ATM accept a six figure check?
Using Mint for a mortgage goal?
How to budget and save effectively when you spend a lot of reimbursable work expenses?
Purchasing used car, should I go to my bank, a credit union or a dealership for financing?
Advice on paying off debts &amp; investing for a recent grad?
Financial advice regarding student loans?
To everyone who hasn't been employed for some time, how are you paying bills?
Consolidating CC debt with a personal bank loan? (US)
Planning Peru trip next summer, is it worth it to get a travel rewards credit card? Which one?
What is the min credit score you need to get an AMEX Card?
I'm a 22 year old with a good salary but limited credit, can I get a credit limit increase?
Have money but no bank account, now what?
Best Grad-Student Lenders? Fixed vs Variable Rate?
What can I do from home with 4 hours of extra time before I go to work to make my financial situation better?
Planning on purchasing a house in SoCal, how much should I be saving?
Converting to Roth IRA from a 401K while in lower tax bracket?
Lowering Paycheck Tax Withholding to Pay off Debt: Smart Move, or no?
How can I check the credit score of a prospective tenant?
Can I get a small private student loan with no cosigner even if I have *good credit*?
20 year overpayment vs 10 year minimum payment?
Need a car but I have little to no credit and low salary. Are loans a good option or should I pay in cash?
Student Loans: Should I start repaying now or stick what I have in a bank?
Roth IRA Conversion - Should I file estimated quarterly payments to the IRS and / or adjust my withholdings?
I would like to set up a trust account for someone. What should I consider? (More in post)
How would money from something like kickstarter be taxed?
How should I deal with moving, extra expenses, and weird timing for the first month of my budget?
I am a Canadian moving to Ireland for work. I imagine I will be there for 1-5 years before returning to Canada. What do I need to know about banking, investing and keeping costs low?
Financial help from my (extremely generous) parents. How best to use this money? (UK)
Savings account and emergency accounts are separate?
Has anyone had experience with strategic default, especially in Illinois?
Best route to get an auto loan?
Loan from TSP for school a dumb idea?
Fix up older car or buy a "new" (used) one?
Tax liability for rebalancing portfolio through Roth IRA?
18 with first income and classes in the fall. Where to put my money?
Does the extended warranty and life insurance debt included in my car purchase carry over into roll over debt?
How do you and your partner split expenses?
Best option - finance % of car payment or buy outright?
What's the standard financial gift for young children these days?
Money (received when I was young(er) &amp; foolish(er)) managed by a financial adviser. How can I assess whether the performance justifies the fees?
$500 needed for fall semester, student credit card?
Rumor: Are CC companies removing the grace period? Help finding a source?
What should we do?
Should I get a used Prius hybrid? (Los Angeles,CA)
[x-post r/Frugal] As a young adult, I'm super proud that I have emergency funds! What other fiscal adventures should I prepare for? (AU)
For simplicity's sake, is a fund such as VASGX considered a three-fund portfolio by itself?
Schwab vs Ally checking?
How should I save?
Credit Card - When are annual fees worth it? (USA)
best way to invest 10k?
Can you take a one job's retirement plan and fund it with another job's earnings?
Two job offers, one requires a move but pays more. Which to take? (Opinions requested)
Is a 401k for me?
Could the US government make consumer/business debt go away? (xpost from /r/economy)
Parent Plus Loan or Private bank loan?
How am I doing? Budget evaluation time!
MBA costing $70K+. No company reimbursement, and would need to take out majority of it in loans. Worth it?
Fastest way to transfer money from my credit card to my bank account? (UK)
Can individual day trade stocks go for option trading?
What's the best savings account?
21 year old student here, meeting with a financial adviser at lunch today. What should I expect?
New income! What to do?
When to tell a SO about your finances?
Getting married soon, where should we start on planning our finances?
Approaching 401k max for the year. What to do with the extra money each month?
What would you do if you inherited/won/... 1 million dollars?
Can I cash in one of my 401k's to pay down student loans?
Financial Advisor - Where to start?
Reddit...how do I get out of car loan hell?
I went to T-Mobile to switch over to them. The guy said it was a soft check but it turned out to be a hard check. Any advice on what to do?
Just put 5500 unto VFFVX roth account with vanguard, now what?
401(k) versus investing in stocks?
Should I buy a house? 100K sitting at Ally.
Possible to invest toward 2013 401K cap in beginning of 2014?
Pay CC early to keep credit utilization down?
Taking a Federal Loan to start a credit history, good or bad idea?
Are Pre-nups a good thing?
Repercussions of closing an HSA?
Reddit PF: What do you think of Northwestern Mutual and The McTigue Financial Group?
Starting a new job, can I move my 401(k) over?
Decent sized windfall - how to manage it?
Snowball/Avalanche my student loans with emergency fund?
22YO~, $80k + $5k signing bonus: should I buy a new car now or later? should I pay off student loans?
Should I open another investment account besides a 529 for a newborn?
Who did you refinance through?
Sell stocks to max Roth IRA?
Score Sense Identity Theft Insurance--scam?
I'm looking to rent a house, but I owe money and have been sent to collections. What should I tell the landlord?
What can I do in the short-term with idle cash? (CA)
Optimal time to quit my job?
At what APR on a Mortgage would you strive to pay down a home sooner?
24 year old, getting a $130,000 pre-tax bonus, what should I do with it?
I think I can save about $2000/month. How can I use it effectively?
Anyone have experience with IAFCU?
Should I keep fixing the car I have, or buy/lease a new/used car?
New job, new 401(k) - how should I invest in it?
Advice in Investing?
Should I sell my non-contributory private pension? (Germany)
Should I move out?
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Would you do it?
Best Way To Build Credit With a Secured Credit Card?
Moved to US from UK, who should I open a checking account with?
Should I, should I not get a loan? (CA)
Roth IRA while paying off student loans? I'm conflicted.
If my wife doesn't work outside the home, can we contribute $11,000 per year to an IRA? Or are we limited to the $5500 maximum for me?
I have no credit as an 18 year old and would like to open a credit card. What should I do?
How important should Student Loan debt be in my life?
trying to save for a 6-month salary emergency fund. pay off car and student loan first?
What is your debt/income percentage?
I think I'm about to become homeless, help?
What percent of one's pay should go towards rent /home payments?
Anyone familiar with Cash Gifts for a home purchase?
Secured Credit Card - Good for Building Credit?
What is the best first credit card for a college student?
Should I really start an emergency fund? or pay off student loans?
Vanguard-like index funds on Scottrade?
Which website is the best to start a roth ira in?
What's the worst that could happen if I stop paying my wife's student loans (US - TX)?
My mom want's to add me to the title to new house. Any down side? (NY)
"Paying off" unsubsidized federal loans with subsidized federal loans... legal? Bad idea? Advice?
Need a car for short term. What is my best route?
To consolidate or not to consolidate student loans?
Is The Costco Executive Membership Worth It?
should i open another line of credit?
Splitting up a savings account for different short-term goals?
Can someone help me with my car loan amoritization?
Does it make sense to pay down extra principal on a home loan if you're going to sell the house in a few years?
Warren Buffett recently said bonds are a "terrible investment." Do you hold any other conservative/income-focused investments besides bonds to balance out the stocks in your portfolio?
I'm being taxed 30.4% on my 65k income in California. I'm single. Is this right?
How much is it worth to "build credit"?
Is $850 a month rent too high for a $29,000/yr salary?
Anybody have suggestions for which private student loans to look into?
Smartest way to pay off my student loans?
What can I do now to prepare for my anticipated loss in income?
How do I handle a 401k rollover w/pre- and post-tax contributions?
Is it possible to transfer responsibility of a credit card to an AU?
Has anyone here paid for a Ramit Sethi course? What did you think? What were your results?
College Student: First credit card. Who should I get one from and what terms are best?
(CA) Best Debt Calculator/Spreadsheet; I have $[X] in debt...how long will it take my to pay it off? Or what do I need to pay to be debt free in [X] years?
Should I accept lower interest student loans I don't need and use the money to pay off higher interest student loans?
How much do you have to make or have net asset of in order to justify driving a 100k car financially responsible ?
Is art a good investment?
Low/no minimum rollover IRA accounts?
Car Loan with existing Student Loan, Should I put Money Down?
Rebuilding credit, but need to buy a car. Am I making a terrible mistake?
Is it a good idea to borrow from my whole-life insurance policy to finance my son's college education?
Budgeting for the week..does anyone give themselves a strict allowance..?
Is it a good idea to borrow from my Roth 401(k) to pay off credit card debt?
Any suggestion to incentivize children to understand a hard earned dollar prior to inheriting an estate?
I want to buy stuff, but should I buy stuff?
Getting married in a week. What financial benefits can I expect from this?
Semi-monthly pay. How do you budget?
Too optimistic about my tax return?
Any advice for a college student looking at starting their 1st budget?
Should I dip into my savings?
Would you be interested in an /r/personalfinance survey?
Could someone help me create a realistic budget?
Do you own US savings bonds? Have you considered buying them recently as a gift or investment recently?
Best way to save for a house? Can I do it through investing?
$7400 in credit card debt. $6000 windfall. Can it stretch?
Does PF think that using a Roth IRA to hold emergency fund is a good idea?
[Tax] New job asking me if I want to be based out of their facility or home office for my tax purposes. How can I find the tax implications of this? (USA/Michigan)
Can we add Paycheck City to the sidebar?
Anyone here actually USE the free purchase benefits on their credit/debit card (extended warranty, rental car coverage, etc.)? How was it?
My mom recently financed a car, and now I would like to buy it from her. What is the best way to go about doing this? [USA]
Should I open a Roth IRA if I can't contribute a lot of money to it at the moment, or should I wait?
How do I determine the cost basis of a stock if it was given to me 24 yrs ago and the company was purchased several times since?
Biweekly paycheck decrease for salaried workers due to fiscal year 2014 having one extra day... can someone explain this?
My credit score is 515 (transunion). Do I have any hope of acquiring a small business loan?
Is there a good reason to have an impound account on the home you live in?
Just rejected a credit card for "no accounts opened long enough...." What now?
Help understanding my paycheck terms?
Can and should I change my variable rate student loans to fixed rate?
Should I sell my fairly new 2011 car and get an older one ?
One car for the family?
If a telephone bank clerk confirms an APR on a graduate loan...Is the bank legally obliged to stick to that percentage? (UK)
How should I compare job offers when my current job has a pension?
My first rewards credit card...how do I maximize the benefits?
The best type of card, debit or credit?
Purchasing stocks for others as gifts?
What is your budgeted amount for "blow" personal spending money?
Planning to Refinance - What to Do to Maximize Credit Score?
Take the money and run or wait it out?
Is Budget Billing worth enrolling?
How much to save for a car?
Can I withdraw this year's Roth IRA contributions without penalty?
Roth 401k ?
What kinds of investments are available to me if I still want to be able to liquidate them with relative freedom?
Credit disadvantage to a store card?
John Bogle says total bond index funds “are deeply flawed" &amp; recommends 1/2 bond holdings in intermediate corporate bond funds. How come I never see the Bogleheads in r/PF recommending this?
Can I pay my Chase credit card using a savings (Ally MMA) account?
What is the "Middle Class"?
Lease VS Buy - Can the cash wizards of personalfinance help inform and educate?
I'm ready to restart my credit. So what's the best pre-paid credit card out there?
How do I calculate my Roth IRA contribution?
How much will my new secured card bring up my FICO?
If you could work up to 45 hours of overtime per week, would you? How would you keep yourself from getting burnt out?
What's the best credit card for me?
Credit Utilization When Applying for a Credit Increase?
How do I make sure I am getting the best possible deal when shopping for mortgages?
Two Refinances in a year?
I may be inheriting some property, but I have tax liens. How will this effect me?
High/Medium/Low - What do these risk levels actually mean?
Is it stupid to save up money in excess of my emergency fund while I still have fixed student debt at 5.5%?
Is overpaying your mortgage each month make sense if you are planning on moving in 2-3 years?
Is it better to do apply to multiple credit cards in one day for a better chance of getting in without the other companies seeing the hard pulls?
How much can I expect to pay on my student loans?
$6,400 Fed Student Loan, credit score 547. They offered to settle for $5,000. The loan is from 2006 Is it better credit wise t pay it off in full through payments or take the settlement?
Been browsing... how come no one suggests creditkarma.com?
Pay off student loans quicker?
Applied for first credit card. Now what?
Do the majority of people pay their Credit Card bill online now?
I start a full-time job on Tuesday, and I'm on a weekly payroll - how do I not blow through this money?
Budgeting - How to account for annual and bi-annual expenses?
Just got a $3000 bonus and want to put it in a good savings account. What are my best options?
Which student loan to pay off first? Amounts and interest rates included.
Currently $47,000 of debt for student loans. Payment deferred for 2 years until I leave graduate school. Should I start paying now?
Joined credit union, hard inquiry put on credit report?
I have a month to remit payment on a large sum of money, which I don't have. Any advice?
Paying off credit card, do different methods score your credit differently? (CA)
I deposit a small amount ($50) from every paycheck into a savings account. I want to use it to send my parents on a vacation sometime in the next 3-5 years when they retire. Where's the best place to make the most of the money?
30 and planning for retirement. Am I on the right track?
[UPDATE] How can I get my SO to realize that he's going to be committing mortgage suicide?
I am a college student who probably has poor no real credit history. I think it is unwise of me to not take advantage of cash back programs through a credit card, but which one should I use?
I need to take a (USA$)120,000 loan for a medical procedure that my insurance will not cover. What type of loans should I get and what interest rates should I expect?
Should I pay off a student loan with a credit card with a lower interest rate? How will this affect my credit?
Buying Vanguard Target Funds when price is high?
Recent college grad, not making much money. Where do I even start?
What is the best website to manage your personal finances for Non-us user (CO)?
I want to start investing, but I am not 18 yet, what are my options?
General tips for a young adult?
Loan interest lower than checking interest?
Am I doing this right? Retirement savings and other confusing distributions of money.
22 yrs old, needing to buy a car, should i buy used or finance a new car?
Savings advice?
Getting out of a Roth IRA?
Is there any good website/video that explains where expense ratio comes out of in mutual funds? With hard numbers/examples?
What percent of your income should be "discretionary spending" money?
New student loan rates? (US)
Should I fill for bankruptcy? (CA)
[STUDENT LOANS] Whats happening with my payments? I have a min payment of $413.85, but have $500 on auto debit (all loans are same interest rate, 6.55%)
How is financial aid calculated or what plays into the calculation?
Leaving the military in 10 months, plan on getting a condo, mistake?
Need a large emergency fund, keep in savings?
Maxing out 401k and Roth, doing ESPP, cash in Amex PS getting .85% bit what about the rest?
Are there other blog-style sites where the OP shares candidly what they earn, spend, invest, etc.?
Is it possible to use my credit card to pay off bills etc, then pay it off in full with my current account monthly to improve my credit rating? (UK)
Where is a good place to get some financial help on getting rid of some debts?
Roll over 401K or cash out?
How long should I keep financial documents from college?
Got a raise, where's the best place to invest the extra money for short-term growth?
Credit card as emergency fund?
So, I've flaked on filing taxes for a few years.. sure I have tax debt. Scared to get a bank account. Any referrals to a good CPA who can help me get on track?
Balance transfer to 0% APR credit card a bad idea?
Paying credit card off as statement hits or at statement due date?
Can market timers beat the index?
Where should i put my money? Savings account?
Take a loan or borrow from 401k?
Good books on finance for a young student with student loans who knows nothing of personal finance?
Who do you guys use to Purchase stock?
My job gives me a 8% employee savings account, it uses simple compounding interest and pays out interest once a year. Can someone explain this to me?
Buying a cheap HUD home to fix up, pros and cons?
About to start a new job. What can I do to officially start my financial life?
Recently broke up with long term SO, have $8k in savings account for a ring: should I put it towards a student loan instead?
What do you know about trying to minimize the amount I get at tax return while still not owing anything?
I'm looking for a new credit card, could I get some help from this subreddit?
How should I distribute my 401k plan?
In Between?
Is selling index fund difficult?
Identity Theft?
Credit card company wants to close my accounts - Will it affect my credit score?
Purposely Take On (Medical) Debt and File Bankruptcy??
(CA) Our car caught fire...what now?
Should I snowball my debt?
New Job, New Wife, New House?
Pay off student loans or save up more first?
I'm probably getting laid off in six months. What's the best way to prepare?
Should I leave my 401k alone or turn it into a Roth 401k?
How to find out who my wife owes money to, and how to pay off that debt?
Credit cards &amp; student loan vs. Investment fund?
What is the best cash rewards credit card with no annual fee?
Made too big of a CC payment, best way to borrow quick money for rent?
Which order should these debts be paid off in? (first post)
26 year old teacher and in need of retirement advice and financial analysis - 403, 457, or IRA?
Is my financial services company going to notify my employer that I am opening an account?
How much money do you have left over after expenses are paid each month?
(US) Considering buying a Condo / Townhome, but do not know if I can actually afford it. Help? Suggestions?
Any teachers her that can explain how my retirement works?
I have an old Roth IRA and 401k with company matching. What should I do?
American Express Charge Card Closure - Credit Score effect?
Keep paper EE bonds or cash them in to use in a different vehicle?
House needs a roof, how should I pay for it?
Should I request that my credit limit be reported to the credit agencies?
Credit History After Marriage?
If automatic payments are setup for a credit card, is there anything else I need to do each month?
House left to me is burying me in mortgage payments. Any advice?
Close my CC of 3 years to get a better deal with newish (1year) bank? Closing oldest line of credit if i do.
Getting insurance settlement. Help on what to do please?
upgrading capital one card?
Reducing student loan interest rate?
Is leaving a cushy job for a more stressful job and a ~15k a year raise worth it?
If your hourly wage changed for better or worse would you be more or less likely to work paid overtime?
Checked my credit report, and noticed inquiries that I didnt permit? Is this normal?
Buy my mother's house?
Is anyone else concerned we are turning into a Vanguard Sales team?
Should I cash a paid-up whole life policy to pay loans/taxes?
Traditional 401K or Roth 401k? Started my job 6 months ago. Salary = $45,000 plus I get a Temporary Living Allowance (TLA) totaling $30,000/yr to make up for me having to move from home. Need Advice
What would be the best way to negotiate debt after wage garnishment has begun?
Should I switch jobs (less pay, less stress) while I figure out my next career move?
Any sites/posts/subreddits for the beginner in personal finance trying to figure everything out?
How is credit rating affected by canceling a credit card?
Proper Asset Allocations For Equities?
(Canada) my credit card account is frozen due to skimming and a check bounced from my checking because I couldn't transfer funds in time. Do I have a case against paying any fees?
Can PF look at my current financials and give me some advice?
do i need an accountant? Single father - three children (1 disabled)
Is my 401(k) charging exorbitant fees?
foreigner in US - how to get the best car deal?
Are there any general rules to a discounted ESPP?
Do you expect to get any money from Social Security when you retire?
Opening IRA for Wife or contribute more to my IRA?
If you borrow via Prosper does loan show on a credit report?
I make 77k/year and have 55k in debt, but I feel stressed about money all the time. How do you think am I doing?
How dumb is it to pay down debt rather than back taxes?
(Canada) - single 33 year old male, just starting career...late to the game. How do I prepare?
How do I build credit history, even though I have a great credit score?
Isn't a Roth IRA a no-brainer for young people?
I have 80k in SL debt and always feel anxious about money. How am I really doing?
How do you handle paying your parents/in-laws occasional bills/"gifts"?
Can PF look at my financial situation and give me advice please?
Credit took a hit for an unfortunate reason, is time the only thing that can help?
Not eligible for Roth IRA. Other retirement savings options?
Cancel a credit card or keep it?
Going to Grad School in the Fall. What should i be doing different (aside from not going to school)?
Becoming a full time grad student - what to do with my (very limited) potential savings? Should I even bother saving?
Will I be approved?
Should I pay off my car loan early?
What should my first credit card be and what should I do with it?
Advice on how to manage some inherited assets?
Wife and I want to buy house but am currently military. Good idea or not?
Paying off my loan while in college? &amp; Should I get a credit card?
I need help. I have to get a private student loan ASAP. Please advise me?
I am 22 years old. How do I save for a 401k? Please discuss.
About to receive an inheritance from my fathers death. Any advice what to do with the money or things I should worry about?
Is the Roth IRA or 401k more tax beneficial to invest in an international equity index fund?
Good credit score, denied auto loan by bank. Now what?
Anyone else receive an email about a TurboTax class action settlement?
What to do with $40k cash?
"Due Diligence Letter"--Is this for real?
Do you think personal finace can be taught/learned?
I've built up a high net worth by passively investing my money, basically dumping everything into index funds. I'm thinking about switching to actively investing my money. Where do I start?
How can I help my parents from losing their house?
Hi PF! Starting my career right out of college and I'm creating a spreadsheet for my budget. What are some unexpected expenses I should consider?
Bank account was just frozen due to a judgment, what's my best course of action?
What are some possible negative repercussions of giving my mother control of my(22f) finances?
Secured credit card?
Does it ever make sense to buy a house just to rent it?
How to calculate interest on incremental amounts?
Suggestions or help for my parents finances?
Bank gives transaction details of my checking account to my uncle. (personal checking account) what can I do?
How should I factor my pension when planning for retirement?
18F, Moving to Switzerland for School, What Should I do with my money?
College student here, drowning in debt and not sure about my options. Should I consider bankruptcy?
Employer Offers 401k, but doesn't match. What's the best way to save for retirement?
To pay? Or not to pay?
What is the highest portion of your income/worth/investments that should be invested in the company you work for?
Double check my math. It seems like I should just let my deferred interest capitalize on my student loans?
What budget items do you include in your emergency fund?
How should I invest my money? Can I ask this here?
Have you ever admired someone else's lifestyle only to find out they are living well beyond their means?
I am a native Iowan working in Washington for the summer (internship). WA does not have state income tax, IA does. What do I need to know to protect myself from getting taxed by IA?
What's the best way to watch my money grow over the next year?
Going to be a college freshman in a month. Is there any advice /r/PF has or anything I should know or do?
Should I buy a house using my parents as a bank?
What to do about low credit limit?
Credit card number was stolen, next steps?
How do you weigh non-monetary values vs. monetary values when making major decisions?
Is this the right place to ask advice about college loans?
I want to finish college but don't want crippling debt for the rest of my life. Advice?
I'm looking for a new CC that will hopefully give good airfare benefits. Does anyone have any suggestions?
Why are Vanguard's ETF expense ratios cheaper than the equivalent mutual fund ER? What am I missing
How do i qualify for a personal loan?
Starting my first job of 2013 mid-year, should I have a different withholding arrangement for the next 6 months vs. all of 2014?
I'm a 20 year old male Computer Science major with about 4k in savings and estimated 15,000 total loans after college. I feel like I'm on a good track and try to make wise financial decisions, how do I not fuck this up?
Completely pay off student loans or invest?
Taking money out of investments to pay off debt and be eligible for food stamps?
Former retirement plan rolled my account over to an IRA...what are my options?
Since average account age is a factor in determining credit score, does it make sense to carry multiple cards early?
I am a personal finance newbie and am looking to diversify outside of my employee offered 401K and Roth IRA, is betterment.com a good option considering I would only be putting in the minimum $100 a month, or is there a better option?
Closing cards to improve credit score?
Is 5% guaranteed annual interest better than roth 401k?
My wife and I are still within time frame to walk away from buying a condo penalty-free. I'm having second thoughts. What do you think?
Retirement Accounts and the IT Field. What Should I Do?
Wife and I are considering buying a House. Are we ready for it?
Discussion Topic: What makes you want to save for retirement?
Can someone critique my 401K allocation?
I need help determine whether to stay self-employed or to take a state job with a defined benefit retirement plan?
Pay off second mortgage or invest in index fund?
$988 for a 12 month lease or $942 for a 10 month lease?
Are there any online personal loan options at low APRs besides social lending?
[PSA] Should I pay off X debt or invest in Y vehicle?
What are your tips to get a recalcitrant spouse to start budgeting?
I'm using my credit card like a debit card, are there any negative aspects to this?
Budget Review - Am I Stretching Myself Too Thin with This Budget?
Minimize debt collections payments?
How to pay off credit cards with another credit card?
What would you do: reimburse student loans immediately or keep investments? (CA)
A bit too late, but I'm starting to take PF seriously... advice on how I can do better?
24 Years old with 5k extra in bank account, what's the best long term use for it?
Help With Budget + Saving?
Am I leaving money on the table by NOT buying a second home?
&lt;24 hrs from buying home, am I making right decision?
Is two checking accounts too many?
Advice: Bank vs Credit Union?
Super aggressive index fund portfolio?
About to try and get a $10,000 loan. Advice before I jump in?
Can Reddit help me find worth while books on investment and economics?
Should the 529s I contribute to mirror my 401k?
Credit just tanked due to maxed out card. What can I expect in the near future?
What's a budget program that doesn't suck?
I'm in my mid 20's and thinking about saving long term. Thoughts?
Can someone help explain to me SEP-IRAs and Solo 401ks and how I could use them with my extra side income?
How will buying a $12k house affect me?
Can anyone help me figure out my "effective" interest rate of my mortgage due to mortgage insurance?
Question regarding my auto loan. Do I have too much car?
Going back to school while working full-time... defer loans or keep paying them?
Tips for salary negotiation?
Is 1.74% for 60mo a good Auto Loan rate?
If my credit score is 770 and I don't plan to take out a loan within the next five years, should I bother doing anything to increase it or just let it sit?
When you buy ETF's through a brokerage (non tax advantaged account), how do you make dividends automatically reinvest? Should you?
Would you rather?
With mortgage rates on the rise and home values increasing, is it better to buy a house now to take advantage of the current market but have to pay PMI or wait a few years to save 20 percent?
Chase offered me $125 if I sign up for their checking account. This account has high fees if you have a low balance. If I open the account, withdraw my money and the bonus immediately, and start getting fees that take it below a zero balance, what happens? Can these fees get sent to collections?
Bidroop? Is it real? Scam? Opinions?
How significantly does changing jobs right before getting a car loan effect you?
Dumb question, how do you buy Vanguard Admiral Shares through a brokerage different than Vanguard?
Leaving the US for a year to travel abroad. What do I need to do to keep my finances secure and in-order while I'm away?
Can I afford a Chevy Volt?
I want to learn how to invest. Who are investors? What do they actually do?
Best way to calculate/estimate the new cost of living when moving to a new state?
How do I figure out who I owe and how much?
Student Credit Cards?
Retirement planning: FERS vs. State PERS?
Is a hel ok to get out of a car?
Is the Extended 7 Year Fraud Alert Worth It?
My mother has been given 30 days to pay 7,000 for the past overdue mortgage payments. What can she/I do?
Best credit card rewards?
All right, all right, PF, you finally convinced me. Review my plan?
High salary, higher student loans. What would you do in my situation?
My father asks: I am looking to refinance the car?
0% Intro APR for X months credit cards - Is my credit impacted if I pay minimum amount every month and pay the rest in the last month?
(CA) Can someone help me decipher what this means to us in a nutshell?
As a teen living on her own, is now a good time for me to get a credit card to build up my credit score?
What is the best way for working college student to build credit?
What is the best free site to check my credit score?
What do these terms mean in the Vanguard fund selection page? And how do I contribute to this on a monthly basis?[US]
Effective way to keep track of multiple funds (for various goals) within one bank account?
Do you have any regrets on buying a home that are not related finances?
Alternative to Mint?
Am I making the right decision? (CA)
Pay tuition out of pocket, or take a loan with a shot at loan forgiveness?
Been using a credit card that has a yearly fee ($35) for several years. Great credit history. Want to switch to switch to one with no fees, but I shouldn't close this one, should I?
Buy individual stocks to lose money?
I left the country 7 years ago to finished college, after I Traveled the world and taught English. Now I am back in America. I am terrified. Will I be able to get a Job with 4000 $ in collections?
If you were in my position, what would you do to leave yourself in the best financial position after 3 years? Decent income, high debt.
RRSP's, contribute now or later? (CA)
I just turned 18 and I've got a few thousand $ saved up from working. I want to put my money to work for a while. What do you recommend? (CA)
Can I get approved for a credit card while unemployed?
Can I Finance a Used Car? College Student Please Help!
Help! Closed bank (checking) account this past week, but a delayed charge just came in (Sunday). What to do?
Which is better? No Fee AIR MILES or No Fee CashBack?
Online Trading Academy : Is this a good way to learn to invest your own money?
Wait, am I at the right credit reporting website??
College student looking to open a bank account for the first time. Which bank is right for me?
I can't afford to study in my second year, what should i do? (UK)
If you withdraw principle from a Roth IRA, does this increase the contribution limit? In other words, can I pay my Roth back?
How do I maximize the benefits of the ROTH while still in debt?
Help! How can I make college work? I'm a non-citizen living in the US.
What do guys think about Betterment?
Does anyone have any experience investing in lendingclub?
For those of you who graduated with $100,000 in student loans, how long did it take for you to pay it back, what were your average payments, and what was your salary?
I have used Investopedia.com to study and start my learning. What other sites are available to me, and what do ya'll think of investopedia? Also, General advice for *when* to make my first initial purchase as a neophyte?
I am coming up on a the 7 years for a judgement against me in January. Does it just fall off? How does this work?
Is The Bogleheads Guide to Investing worth buying/reading, or is it just 200 pages of "high fees bad, index funds good?"
I have private and federal student loans with the same bank. Can I pay off the higher-interest private loans first?
Looking to buy a car for school, not sure of a reasonable price range? (CA)
Which Credit Cards does Everyone have?
I am 20 years old. I have 25,00 in savings, and no student loans against me. What is the best thing I can do with my life savings?
Sallie Mae Users - How do you check your total balance and old loans?
College grants?
I have horrible credit and I want to buy a car - Advice?
Mint.com vs Manilla.com vs Check.....Check wins?
19 yr old - When is the right time to buy a house, and how do you know which house to buy?
How do I calculate my pension versus salary at another company?
Have a year old car I bought brand new, should I sell it and get something less expensive?
Can I afford a car?
Looking for advice: Should I pay off my mortgage?
Tool to calculate optimal loan repayment plan?
Does it hurt your credit to open multiple credit cards?
I'm seventeen, I recently started making around $2,500 a month. What should I look at in terms of cars?
Where can I find "Outside" Scholarships for College?
Enough money to live in college?
Do I choose full time or part time?
Is it worth paying larger non-scheduled payments for my wife's student loans (kinda like an extra payment on one's mortgage?) when we can?
Looking for a car and need help?
Looking into purchasing a vehicle in the near future (1-3) years. What should I do to prep?
What are some good finance books for an incoming college student looking to major in finance?
21, $2500 in savings, where to go from here?
What do you guys think about joining the US Military as a financial security measure?
My company offers an ESOP, however there is no discount for shares purchased. Is it worth taking advantage of?
How should I buy my first car?
Several homes or several years to dream home?
What kind of car can I afford, and where should I be putting my money?
Where to from here? 24, ~$40,000 in assets
(US) What's your opinions on 0% APR credit card?
First apartment and on SSI, will I be able to manage it?
Should I and if so, what type of financial planner should I be hunting for? Married with one kid, about 600k net worth, 275-300k yearly income. No debt except mortgage on primary residence.
Is there a website for that?
What are Best practices to pay off personal Debt and School Debt?
want to purchase my first house, how many percent of my salary should i put into it?
Auto-pay credit cards - any risk of late payments?
Recently took on a ton of debt (student loans, mortgage, and car), how should I best go about paying it back?
What are the best sites for applying for scholarships?
I'm 24, make 1k a month, have no debt, few bills. How to best start building for the future?
Sanity Check: Am I doing this right?
Starting grad school next month, should I pay in cash or take out loans?
How do people use life insurance as investment vehicles?
I live in NY and want to own a home. I have 60k in the bank. Is this possible? Is it stupid? Condos here start at 450k.
Just your typical post grad questions?
I have a personal loan for $8k, and cc debt of $1k. Should I roll that into one loan and use my car as collateral for a lower interest rate?
I feel I am ready to make the jump from "paycheck to paycheck" to investing. Where do I start?
$63k income with 39% marginal tax rate. Maxing out a Roth a good idea?
How to do monthly budget?
Company matches into SIMPLE IRA. How to save beyond that?
20 years old, $13k in the bank. ELI5, what should I do with it? (the sidebar link went way over my head)
Money market mutual funds or CDs for emergency fund?
Options beyond CD/Savings accounts for no-loss-of-principal investments?
I messed up, I think. Where do I go from here? (new car related)
First time home buyers. How much can we afford and how much should we really spend?
I'm 19, Whats the next logical step for me?
MyFICO - how long is a new account "new" for purposes of credit score?
I am a Brazilian immigrant in the US and just added 13k to my american account, I have no income. How should I pay my taxes?
Father is 55 and just starting to save. What Vanguard fund would be right for him?
Was going to start the loan process on a new home today, but found out the company I work for has been purchased by a competitor. Advice?
I've just gotten my first credit card-- should I use my Chase app to pay the bill as often as possible?
Working as a delivery driver, can I claim my car as work-related for work?
Will applying for another credit card impact my score significantly?
If I have an old AMEX Blue Student card and recently got a Blue Cash Everyday, can I cancel the Student card without negative effects?
The Department of Education sent my loan to a collections company. How screwed is my credit going to be? (US)
Teenage kid getting their first legal job. How does this impact my 2013 tax filings?
Married for almost a year, combine finances or not?
Should I treat purchasing a pension plan service credit like a debt emergency?
I'm 21, self-employed, and I just signed up for a whole life insurance policy. Good idea?
Buy or Rent For Short tERM? (2-3 YRS)
How do companies with employee stock options limit the potential for insider trading?
As a teenager, what can I do to make my money work for me?
Will another credit card hurt my credit score?
I have 6 different private loans with different interest rates. consolidate? repayment plan? help!
Should I get another credit card?
Whose here worth more dead than alive? Meaning your combine life insurances payout is greater than your current net asset.
Is there a bare minimum you have to use a credit card for it to count towards your credit history?
College Loans: How exactly are they screwing me over?
Saving for more school, or pay off student loans?
Should I get umbrella insurance? (33 years old, I rent, and have &lt;$500K in assets)
Advice on what to do with big income jump/windfall?
When are closed (in good standing) credit accounts supposed to drop off your "length of credit history" score?
Can I establish credit before I turn 18?
To what extent does not paying the full amount of your credit card balance affect your credit score?
Save for retirement or investment property?
How bad is it to leave your job when you have a 401k loan?
Why is my credit limit so low?
How do you broach the subject of PF to your non-spouse significant other?
best college fund for my son (toddler)?
Application for Amazon card under further review. Do I have a chance?
What is the most efficient way to minimize Higher One fees over the long run? San Jose, CA, USA.
Bank account Switched to Money Market w/o Joint permission?
Can I get advice on a student credit card?
What accounts should we open? [UK]
Best CC for gas?
Should I be using mint.com?
20 year old and just received a large sum of money. What is the best bank to keep it in?
Any good tools for managing your lifetime financial plan/doing projects?
Looking to buy a car, how should I caculate how much car I can afford?
How can I build my credit?
Need a car, don't have a lot of money -- Acura or a Civic?
I'm on my parent's credit card as a join account. Is this fine, or should I drop it at some point?
Possibly switching companies - anything to preemptively do with my 401k?
Should I pay off my student loan or keep making the monthly payments?
Should I be paying off my debt with all my available cash or save some cash for emergencies?
Why do money market rates keep dropping?
Already making max contributions to my Roth with Vanguard and employer-matched contributions for my 401k. The 401k offering is mediocre, so should I just start a taxable brokerage account instead of throwing more into my 401k?
My first credit card. What do I need to know?
25 years old, left my employer. Roll over 401(k) to a Roth or keep it with them?
Fastest way to get rid of PMI?
(AB) Is this good? What should I change?
Is it illegal and/or morally reprehensible to invest Federal student loans?
Switching from Etrade to Vanguard? Does anyone have any experience in switching over to Vanguard? Fees? Problems?
Do I really need to get rid of my old car for something newer?
Can't get financial aid, how to afford college?
Where do I begin to establish credit?
When does leasing a car make sense? If the payments are low enough, would it ever make sense to lease, then buy it at the end of lease at the used value?
Paying off a GE Capital Retail Bank balance -- keep it around with $0, or close it?
How can I best use some money I have coming in?
Allocation critique?
What are required repairs for an FHA loan???
Should I pay off my debt now or wait?
Financing a used car in NYC. Spend the extra on a hybrid?
How do you set up your accounts?
Start to pay off student loans before they're due or put $ in savings?
Grandparents wanting to make a small investment for 1 year old grandchild. What to buy?
Asset allocation critique?
What is the best credit card a student can get in Canada?
Life choices: relentlessly pursue my music production or get a real job and keep it as an intense hobby?
Sell fancy car to save up for house?
Am I doing the right thing with a trust payout?
If I paid off items on my credit report why is it still on my report regardless?
Collector sent a SSN and DOB to me. It isn't mine. Are they allowed to send this stuff through the mail?
How much do I need in my HSA?
About to take on a substantial debt, any advice?
What is a "Pay for delete letter" ?
What is your strategy for investing to reach medium term saving goals (5-10 years)?
10k to spend on Fund. VFINX or VFIAX the way to go?
My wife is changing jobs and has stock in a retirement fund in her current company. What should we do? More importantly, what questions should we ask when we go speak to a financial adviser next week. (FL)
Accidentally in Collections?
Shared-ownership property purchase; is it feasible to purchase without a mortgage?
How much to pay per month in student loans?
Should I pay off my loan or study abroad in India?
Would you invest in bonds at age 25?
help with my credit card debt?
What do you guys do when a stock you own jumps in price?
Credit card account closed (and new account created) from fraud - will it affect my credit the same way closing an account would?
22, huge interest in personal finance. What jobs are available that aren't Financial Advisors / Accountants?
How can I find out who I owe money if they aren't on my credit report?
Charge Card vs. Credit Card?
Are there any novel ideas for solving the Student debt Crisis?
Recent late payments to student loans, now in forbearance and making payments - will this ruin any chance of getting new loans/accounts?
How to save on min wage money?
What's the easiest way to save money, quickly?
Recent late payments to federal student loans (now in forbearance &amp; making payments) -any recourse to improve besides time?
Pension Termination Options: take lump sum payout for student loans?
Do you punish yourself in any way when you spend past your budget?
Hospital f***** up. Charged the wrong insurance. The correct insurance says too much time has passed. Hospital send me the bills. What do I do?
Don't really want to use my credit cards, but will it risk my credit score too much?
What should I pay off first?
I am currently paying $1200+ student loan payments from undergrad. 70% of the loans are Parent Plus. Parents refuse to assist. What are my options?
I'm currently putting 10% towards my 401k and 10% into a taxable account. Is this fine?
Looking for advice: should I take out a loan from a bank or borrow from family?
Is this the right way to budget ESPP?
T.Rowe Price into Vanguard?
Debt situation...snowballing question (highest interest first or lowest payments first?) should i transfer balances?
I'm a 1099/Contractor working full time in an office. Been asking my supervisor every month to be put on payroll but it keeps being postponed. It's already been a year like this. Thoughts?
Rolling over my 401K?
My parents just gave me some savings bonds from when I was a kid. Advice?
How well am I doing?
Where do I put my holdings for greater efficiency?
How much does it really cost to live?
How to replace lost savings bonds?
I am 25 years old, just graduated college, am in debt $47,000. What should I do with the $5,000 I have been able to save in the last 9 months?
Post 2008 has been awful for savers so what are your tips and tricks to getting the most out of the current low interest rate environment?
Should I pay off my student loans aggressively or should I pay them off in a 10 year time frame?
[question] Relocating for work - what part of my relocation package is taxed, if any?
New grad making 80k a year. After company match, is it better to "max out" my 401k or Roth IRA first?
What Percent to save for Retirement after employer pays?
New graduate help with where to save money (is an HSA worth contributing to?)
Credit card companies who are more lax to those with little or no credit?
(US) What are the pros and cons of defined contribution 401(k) plans vs traditional employer based defined benefit plans?
How do you guys manage all of your CC rewards programs?
Should I Get a Private Student Loan?
Looking to buy a home in the next year. What do?
Im 17, 18 soon(ish). What steps should I start taking now?
Bought fixer-upper house, now underwater with value dropping. Husband's health declining, we may need to move, advice?
Student loan payoff calculations; do they look right?
How have you asked your boss for a raise?
Has anyone heard of WakeUpNow?
How do I most effectively clear a defaulted credit card from my credit report?
Anyone have experience with the Harvard Extension School?
Can I Have Late Payments on my Credit Report Removed if I already paid off the account?
Are my student loan payoff calculations right?
Am I living above my means?
How easy/difficult is it to get a home equity loan, if I have 40% equity in my home?
Credit Card: Co-sign or Secured?
Question about minimum payment due?
What should I do with my Simple IRA?
Getting a Rewards Card and Paying it Off Each Month?
Is having my name and address enough for a company to send me to collections?
Just opened an IRA with Vanguard - what do with my other brokerage account?
Maxing out annual Roth contributions ASAP, waiting for an "opportune" time, or making regular contributions?
Should I apply for another credit card?
My credit card is from by dad's bank account, but it is in my name. Will it still help build my credit?
Roth IRA Allocations for a 23 year old?
Getting started late on building credit (24y/o) Should I apply for a student CC because I have 0 credit to my name?
What to do with boatload of cash that is all investment income (unearned income)?
Mint vs. Quicken, which is better?
Is 3% the New 4%? The news on retiree withdrawal rates is better than it seems (MorningStar)
What's my best option as far as starting a Roth IRA goes?
What credit card should I apply for?
PF, am I seeing all the angles here?
Selling Home - Should I Finance The Buyer?
How would you invest/spend your $100000 if you have just won a lottery?
So exactly how over my head am I? And is it reasonable to sell assets here to get ahead?
Should I continue to rent or start looking to buy?
Keep old Credit account or close it?
Can I get a mortgage with no job for the last year? (Details inside)
What happens when you need to break a lease as a tenant?
When to get a second credit card?
How much house can we afford?
What to do after you've finished the basics of personal finance?
How does interest for mortgages work/ why do people end up paying so much more than the principal amount?
considering switching to barclays online, can anyone endorse their service?
Moving to Sweden. Should I rollover my 401k, leave it, or use the money to pay off loans?
Tracked my spending for a month, how much do I need to earn per month?
Should I Buy A Car?
What should I pay off first?
Today is my 23rd Birthday. Could /PF review my finances as a present and let me know whether or not I'm in okay shape?
Salary talks: Negotiate or take what I've been offered?
Pay off car debt or Vanguard taxable account?
25 y/o, 43k income - Taxable Brokerage and 401k or only 401k?
My parents want to help with the down payment on a new house. What is the smartest way to accept $15,000+ cash from them?
Student-How do I grow my money? 500 w/ 500/month
What's Your Asset Allocation?
How can I go about increasing my $1,500 credit limit?
How can I cash in all my reddit karma and buy snoop dogg music?
Can I afford this house...? (Ca)
How should I pay for college this semester?
Where can I cut my expenses more?
Refinancing student loans? Secured credit?
Do you work with a financial advisor? Why or why not?
Should I have my name removed from this account? Credit building questions.
Cashing out 50k in equity. Use it as downpayment, or invest?
In real Shit..how much should I put into investments?
Company is moving: Take the severance or move with them?
I'm thinking about credit counseling. Can anyone tell me if I'm missing anything?
How can I figure out how much I should take out of my check for taxes?
Save for mortgage, or save for retirement?
Well. I'm fucked. Please help me?
Extra after bills - 401k or taxable brokerage account?
Hoping I've got a good plan here. 33 y.o., with family of 5. ~$95k income. What could I do better?
Good taxable accounts?
Might anyone have some advise on financial aid?
Is there anything I can do better?
waiting for bull run to burst, what are my best CD options?
Do you know your CC APR?
Is it worth it to contribute more to mortgage payment each month if we may move in 5 years?
Should I refinance my car loans?
Building credit: pay off balance immediately or wait until end of month?
Won a $30k lawsuit settlement. Now what?
What do I do with this 5k? Clueless on retirement.
$1,000 dollars in a Vanguard Target Retirement 2060 Fund?
WSJ: Multiple Retirement Accounts? Think Holistically.
What is the best move to make from here?
How do you handle discouraging people?
Car buying - is there a reason to not start negotiating with what I want my payment to be?
I'm 20 years old and need a little advice, my car has just hit 200,000 miles and is constantly needing to be repaired. I make around 800 dollars a month and currently have nothing saved due to the repairs.. Do I have options?
403(b)? How does this stack up with Roth IRA and traditional 401(k)?
WSJ: Can You Be Bound for Glory?
Pre-tax or Roth 457?
How are you doing?
Nearly 3K in an HSA. Moving to California. What should I do with it? Can I invest it?
29, finally out of debt, how am I doing? Suggestions?
Dollar cost averaging? Looking to put money in my Roth IRA and invest in other mutual funds as well.
Best credit card for a new college student?
Should I apply for more credit cards?
Can someone help me solve a social security question?
Is there any way to retroactively include a history of payments on a car in my credit report? (Person to person, no loan)
Should I take advantage of my company's 403(b) plan if I only plan to stay for 4 years?
I have a Roth 401k through my employer allocated to Vanguard 2050. Does it make sense to have a Roth IRA allocated to the same fund, or is that redundant?
Mac Users: What financial software do you use?
Financing new car with 0% apr credit cards?
Could anyone tell me if Roth IRA calculators found online give a somewhat accurate idea of its final worth?
Question regarding Roth IRAs and retirement! Any advice?
Are there any credit unions that issue credit cards to nonmembers who live out of the area?
Assume, hypothetically, that something dramatic is going to happen with respect to China's economy. How do I hedge against that?
High income for age? 401k max'd, roth; next steps?
How long does it take to raise your credit score 80-120 points?
Should I pay student loans off completely or wait?
Options for a loan to pay back IRA withdrawal?
Applying for an auto loan? I'm 19.
I just found a rebate check that I never cashed and it expired a couple of months ago. Is there any way I can still get my money?
Anyone tried investing in privately owned businesses? Such as short term loans or in return for equity.
23 years old, 43k full-time job. When do I stop power-saving by living at home w/ parents, and buy the condo that I have been saving for?
How can I start building credit (college student)?
Trying to pick mutual funds for my Roth IRA. Can I reasonably expect to do better than a Target Date Retirement Fund?
What should I look for in a bank, and when applying for a credit card?
Best hotel rewards program?
Starwood Preferred Amex Card: Will they be offering any special promotions in the near future?
Anyone experienced in getting out of extreme student loan debt?
I'm in significant debt- should I contribute to my 403b? How much?
70k loans for a Bachelors in Education?
Which loan to pay off?
(Canada) If credit utilization rate is dragging my score down, will my score raise instantly when it's paid off?
In terms of credit building, is financing a tractor functionally equivalent to financing a car?
I don't make enough to both pay my bills and save, and I don't see how I will any time soon. In fact, I'm not sure I really even make enough to pay my bills. Can someone start me on the right path?
can you guys explain what life insurance is? are there really any benefits from it?
I'm saving to move out within the next year, any advice?
How do I get out of debt without killing my credit?
I'm a teenager but it's not too early to start with personal finance, right?
Advice with college loans?
How long do you stay where you are?
I'm new to personal finance. What are the most important things I need to know to start the ball rolling?
Buying a co-op in NYC by end of year, mortgage loan will be 120k. Pay off loan in 3-4 years and live off of 480/mo maintenance fee? Or pay ~1200/mo for 30 years and lose ~93k(5%) in interest to bank?
Comment on my situation?
Is a secured credit card what I am looking for?
Moving my 401k (with about $5k) -- any investment sites better than the other for retirement savings? Any with transfer bonuses?
Keep $7K in mutual funds or pay off $5K in private student loans at 8% interest?
Moving to a new part of the country, should I change where I bank?
Meeting with loan lady tomorrow. Am I screwed?
So... Is this how most banks calculate overdraft fees? Because my credit union is doing it this way and it's bullshit.
Late 20s, how should I invest ~$50,000 that I know I will need in approximately 3 years?
What is your major, occupation, salary?
27 years old, I have zero debt with 22k in the bank and just received a 25k bonus. What should I do?
PF, what keeps you motivated?
Are my business school classes worth it?
5 year old SUV - Nissan Murano at around 78k miles. Should I trade in?
Personal references for credit card application?
Are our lifetime financial goals realistic? What do we need to do to make them realistic?
BoA logos on Mint.com?
TSP Funds?
Homeowners of PF: What Percent did you ACTUALLY put down on a house?
Making the most of very small savings in the US when you're new to saving?
Refinancing my car. Tips?
Wife lost her job today. How should we proceed?
I'm 21. How would I realistically maximize my net worth over the next 30+ years?
Differences between Index Funds?
22 yr old, 40k yr after tax, wife going to PT school. What should I do with the 17k I will have in reserves?
Where can I learn basic personal accounting?
Deferred Annuities good idea?
Parents of PF: How much do you spend on your child each month/year?
How do I find out my credit score for free?
20 Years Old. No debt. No savings. Where do I go frmo here?
Vanguard Roth IRA - Index Mutual Funds or ETFs?
First Home Club- any experience?
For our join expenses, my partner and I have always used our debit card. He now wants us to get a credit card instead of the debit card and pay it off every month to get the cash back/rewards. Seems like a hassle, but am I just being stupid and leaving money on the table?
20 years old. University student with one year left, no debt and modest savings. Whats the next step?
Paying some tuition out of pocket, can pay with cash, but should I use a credit card instead?
Options on how to use my 80k €?
Dear PF - I want my money to work for me. Is there a service that I can use to pay my rent?
Should I cash in my bonds (US)? Am I understanding Bonds correctly?
Considering switching jobs for an increase in salary so wife can stop working. Best way to calc diff in take home?
What is the federal tax effect of repaying the principal on your student loans (USA)?
Is FERS a stable and sustainable retirement system?
Investments With No Early Withdrawal?
Does keeping a balance on a CC help build your credit score?
Joining the Military. Any advice on managing finances?
If I pay my CC balance off before I get the bill, do I still get the cash back rewards? (Amex Blue Cash)
Sell-to-cover on vesting stock units, worthwhile?
Is this a good plan to pay down my debt?
Does anyone here recommend a book for beginners who wants to learn the different types of ways to save money, make money, and just overall budgeting to buy a house, car, and retirement?
Should we sell our car living in a Chicago?
Is this the right time for me to refi the house or wait out the mortgage rates?
I want to buy my mom's house to relieve her of her remaining mortgage + heloc. Starting, from Step 0, who do I talk to?
How much of my money should I be investing?
What's the best way to cash a $5500 personal check?
How do I go about paying late taxes from 2010?
Going to buy a computer soon, credit card or cash?
(CA) 30, Am I doing this right? I have no idea!
Looking at Condos, Reddit what is your input? keep in mind: I am 24, single, no children.
PF what is your thoughts? 27, newly married, "our" debt scares me.
Getting student loans for the first time, any advice?
How much should I save per month? 22 years old, $50k/year, more info in comments.
I need to either get a car, or get a new job and take a pay cut. How can I do this without digging myself into a deeper hole?
What Should I Do? - Company match 401k and match 15% Company Stock Purchase.
META: Should we use sticky posts to host weekly threads on common topics? What topics?
Need a new car. Can PF make me feel better about it and figure out a price point?
Aging car needs large-ish repairs. Fix or fold?
Is it better to add my spouse to the deed of our condo, name her in my will or create a living trust where we are both named beneficiaries?
My rent is over 30% CC utilization. If I pay it back as soon as I charge it will I still get dinged?
Looking to buy a house. What do you all think of lendingtree.com?
Am I budgeting correctly? 100k/yr, 100k debt, 25 y/o
What's a good blend for 401(k) contributions? (Pre-tax vs Roth)
Savings account or 401K?
What do do when trust fund comprised of shares becomes mine?
Personal finance in the european union?
18 y/o, first job, attending classes - how do I set myself up to be able to pay for school and live somewhat comfortably in the near future?
Will qualifying for a mortgage refi mean I could also probably qualify for a new mortgage?
Building credit with an auto loan?
Made a withdrawal of principal from a Roth IRA, IRS is insisting it was a taxable distribution. Help?
How am I doing? Critiques and suggestions very welcome!
"Profit Sharing" Plan at work, so no 401K. How do I save for retirement?
Ready to buy a house?
Rebalancing the investments/portfolio in my Roth IRA - Should I keep my current broker (Merrill) or switch to Vanguard?
Social Security Credits?
Should I add to 401(k) with no match? Or just pay the taxes and stash the cash?
Hardworking, involved student who gets nothing from parents may not be able to go back to school next semester because mom messed up FAFSA. Help? (CO, USA)
College loan without a co-signer, what do I do?
Should my wife take out federal student loans while I use my income to fund both our Roth IRA's?
afraid to invest at market peak, how can i beat inflation and minimize my risk?
How to handle selling an underwater house (TX)?
going to test out a lazy portfolio...any thoughts on these/which ones?
Thoughts on credit card for gas?
My wife's employer will match up to 50% of her income each pay period and put it into a Traditional 401(k) - is there any reason NOT to take full advantage of this?
How much to pay down student loans before grace period ends?
New job - 22 - 65k salary with relatively low cost of living. Savings and investment tips?
Is there any catch to opening a high yield online savings account?
I have a CC with a high spending limit and $0 balance but charges an annual fee. Should I cancel it?
Anyone using the public service loan forgiveness program?
GF was with me from rags through riches. We grew apart. How to handle this?
Does an investment property affect unemployment income?
I know we are all about responsibility here normally, so let's talk about "play money" and what you do with it. Do you take high risk for growth, blow it on toys or what? I'll start...
I have a Health Savings Account from an old job that still has a decent balance. Every moth they take $5 for admin fees. Can I move it to another company? What are some options?
When you get an online order cancelled and refunded, is it normal for both the charge and the refund to disappear from your bank account's transaction log?
Do I need to be concerned about building my credit score if I have been an "authorized user"?
Saving for first real estate investment. What do I do with the money until then?
What is the future of the Roth IRA?
I have a line of credit through Wells Fargo for a furniture store. Just paid it off. Keep open or close?
24 years old, set to receive $200-$300k inheritance soon. What do I do?
Example Budgets for a College Student?
I have a small amount in a retirement fund I am not contributing to - use it to pay debts or let it sit?
Financial Book Recommendations?
Can I buy a home in my situation?
Wife Company offer her 5% on her RRSP but she can't choose where to put the money, what can she do ? (CA)
How much should I be saving?
Calculating interest rates on security deposits?
Tax-free income, $0 cost of living, how to make the most of it?
Consumer spending has rebounded! Why is how much we spend and consume as a society accepted as a key benchmark for how good the economy is?
How do you differentiate between a luxury and an item that you intend to "buy for life"?
Dealing with a medical bill in collections. What's the best way to approach this?
My credit card company isn't reporting to the credit bureaus and they are failing to fix it. What do I do?
YNAB + Study Guide.. Worth it?
What to do when I get back too big a tax refund? (Canada)
Could I start a company, hire myself, do a 2:1 401k match and put 51k in a 401k each year?
A website I created got really popular in the past year. I have $100,000 in my savings account and absolutely no idea what to do with it. My family is of no help. What are some safe/smart things I can do?
Invest Safety Net Funds?
How might short term student loan deferment or forbearance affect the ole credit score?
Should I refinance after owning a car for a few months?
Should I try to pay off my auto loan first or should i try to build an emergency fund first?
S-Corp with the trouble, expense?
Can I use student loans to consolidate debt?
Can I buy a Chevy Volt take advantage of the 7500 tax credit, and then sell it the following year? If the value of the car depreciates by less than the State and Federal tax credits won't I be net positive?
(CA) Too early to invest in the stock market?
[xpost from /r/bmw]Looking to purchase 328i xdrive, the dealer tried to push leasing and it sounded like a good deal. Too good to be true?
What should I do with old 401k accounts left behind?
Continue to save or pay off loans?
Easy way to import past transactions in Mint?
Do you include bonuses as income in your budget?
New company does not match 401k funds, should I still put money in one?
Taking out a 401k loan?
Just switched companies. Where to put my 401k?
Difference between Earned Interest and Accrued Interest?
First time apartment hunting by myself, is this rent justifiable?
If I have an Amex Premier Rewards Gold card, can I open an Amex SPG card, close my gold card and have Amex back date my SPG card to show that I have had the card open?
I have 25k to invest for next 2-3 years. What do i do with it?
20 y/o college guy renting out my first place, what would be the implications of me trying to drop the lease of sublease the place?
Should we pay off our car first or purchase home?
Unethical to cancel $4k check repayment to employer 9 months later?
I am transferring my Roth IRA over to Vanguard. I have approx $27K, any suggestions on break down of funds I should purchase?
Are you good at math and amortization tables?
How to convert SEP-IRA to Roth IRA/401K?
Should I contribute to my HSA?
Got a loan for a commercial property I'm purchasing, am I falling into a trap?
Am I on track with my finances?
Would like to open a college savings plan for my daughter, our first kid. Any recommendations on what to look for or plan to go with?
27 years old, planning for marriage, student loans weighing me down. Tips?
Buying a used car, tips on dealing with used car salesmen?
Trying to Take Control of Credit. Weirdness With Equifax. Should I Be Concerned?
A received some stocks when I was born. I've sold them along with some others I've acquired over the years. How can I trace what happened specifically to the stocks I received as a newborn?
Should I pay on student loans while they are in deferment? Or wait until my income jumps after grad school?
Show me the numbers! Pay down mortgage to get rid of PMI, or invest?
Should I opt out of 401(k)?
Would changing my student loan repayment from Standard to Graduated repayment be helpful in my situation?
Voluntary car repossession?
Canada - Private Pension Buyout question?
My parents are willing to spend the 200k to send me to a school in US. Should I take them up on the offer?
19. Need to transfer money, don't know how?
Am I on the right track? I feel confused about what I'm supposed to be doing with my money.
18 Uni student, 10 000 sitting in high interest account, is there a better option? (AU)
Should I take the FHA refinancing offers I get in the mail seriously?
Fidelity or Vanguard for an IRA?
What to do with pay increase?
Should I use HARP to Re-Fi?
What are your loan repayment success stories?
Pay for Delete?
Starting with Vanguard, is my understanding correct so far?
What is best?: Prioritizing Debt, House, or Retirement?
Using IRA money for a first house?
What to do with a ROTH IRA?
Considering changing over from checking account to Fidelity Cash Management. Pros/Cons?
Pay down student loans at 5% or invest more in Roth ira or 401k?
Is it possible to get a student credit card with no credit history and no stable income?
Should I take a job that pays a little more if i'm pretty happy at this job?
Can a Spanish debt haunt me in the USA?
Which credit cards have the best cash back rewards right now?
What do I need to know before starting a bank account?
18 years old have been putting 20% of everything I earn away... what else can I be doing??
How much money do you approximately have in savings and how much do you invest?
22 Year old first time home buyer, am I running out of time?
19 year old student here, should I be keeping some sort of paper trail of my spending?
Tax withholding, pros/cons?
21 y/o, new job and one more year of school. What can I do to prepare for my future post-degree?
Where is the middle class in PF?
I have $50K in a savings account. What should I do to it that will maximize its growth?
At what point am I opening to many reward credit cards?
How do you approach a manager regarding a pay discrepancy?
Husband and I just got ~$20,000 inheritance. Is this a good plan for it? (I read the topic in the FAQ)
Need help with a job offer. Should I take it?
Credit card "hopping" good for credit?
student loan help?
My fiancee and I just received a settlement of ~$500k. Do we need a financial adviser?
How many credit cards?
How many credit cards?
I'm 21 and looking for an extremely long run emerging markets index fund. What fund should I look at?
About to roll my $8k Roth IRA from expensive-ish brokerage to Vanguard, is my timing ok?
Did survey results ever get posted?
How do you deal with having a partner who earns and spends more than you?
Banks Can provide incorrect exchange rates? What is my best option for transferring money?
Dental Discount Plan Worth it?
Looking to start a taxable brokerage account - big mistake?
If my utilization is low, does it matter how many credit cards I have open, with regard to my credit score?
How do I refine my internal psychology around money?
Can I change the amount of an auto loan if it has already been processed?
My 403(b) investment options are offered through Fidelity, but they offer Vanguard funds?
How do I get an apartment without credit or a cosigner?
Killer commute or higher rent?
Where can I get a student loan ASAP?
College grad, $35k in debt. My situation is not the best or the worst but I feel so hopeless, how do I get out of debt?!
(23 y/o) Want to get ahead on 529 plan, yet do not have kid on way. Is it a good idea to start early?
Generally speaking, what is the best way for a person to go about purchasing stocks?
Should I buy a new house?
20yr fixed 5.75% or 30yr fixed 4.5%?
Considering Discover IT credit card. Tips for approval?
Buying a house with cash versus using a mortgage?
Do I stay at a job I like, or apply for a job that is closer to the 'dream' and with a $20k bump? More difficulties inside! (x-post r/jobs for different views)
Grad school stipend taxes - to withhold or not to withhold?
As PFers, we all know we're suppose to save, live below our means, &amp; set ourselves up to be in a better position, but what do you can't help but splurge on?
As PFers, we all know we're suppose to save, live below our means, &amp; set ourselves up to be in a better position, but what can't you help but splurge on?
Anyone else get a ton of credit inquiries from insurance and credit card companies? Here's how to stop it. (US)
Should I open a new credit card? (24 y/o)
What would you do?
Handling a debt from an old bank while being unemployed?
My FA is suggesting I start a systematic savings plan...thoughts?
Moving for job. Implications of (1) relocation bonus and (2) renting out home I already own? (US)
Conflicting advice, what would you do? Canadian student with $250k LOC @ 3%, making ~$20k/year during medical school. Where to put it?
How spartan will you live to avoid debt, even if you are reasonably assured of a high net worth future?
If you had to set up a Vanguard based 3 fund taxable portfolio, what would it be?
Need some advice on where to go from here...would like to achieve financial freedom. What would pf recommend?
What does "profit sharing" mean?
I'm a 30 y/o that inherited $376,000 and 800 shares of BP, how should I invest it?
Planning on a trip to Japan in a few months...I am reserving a bare minimum of $5000 spending money (this does not include money set aside for flights and associated fees). I am about $1500 away from my goal. How can I get there in time?
Sell stock to put in Roth IRA? Worth it despite capital gains?
New adult/ grad with no bills, what is the most financially responsible way to make the most out of the money I'm making?
Planning on getting a house suitable for four people. It'd be our first house. Any tips/advice?
Question about credit cards. Turned down twice. Pulled an EFX on myself. Where do I go from here?
Starting out my career as the primary earner, what to do?
Roth 401k vs Traditional 401k - What should I do?
Ask for credit increase on multiple cards on the same day?
Friend [20 Year Old] wants to get a car with a loan. I think he should save up and pay cash. What would you guys suggest?
Looking at bankruptcy again. Can't get any daylight, marriage falling apart. Should I do it?
How do I (and my wife) address this student loan situation? (x-post from AskReddit)
According to Mint, I will be able to retire when I am 38 (I am currently 27). This can't be right, can it?
I have student loans at 6.8% (Stafford) and 7.9% (Grad PLUS). Is there any way to refinance at a lower rate, or is this as low as it's gonna get?
Am I in a good position to buy a new house?
My sister in law just moved in with my wife and I for college. Can we claim her as a dependent?
Personal finance software: recommendations for handling international accounts in different currencies? What do you use?
Good or bad idea for my parent?
Mortgage insurance? Canada. Should I insure through the bank, an insurance company, such as Sunlife, or is there a better option?
Started a new job around beginning of year. Not sure my withholdings are sufficient. Does it really matter if I end up owing on taxes? Specific numbers inside.
What Are the Best Free Online Tools for Managing Personal Finances? (see post for categories)
Interested in a residual income?
Corrupt Mortgage Company? Associated Mortgage Corporation in Tulsa, OK, knowingly lied to me
I'm a high school economics teacher and the first six weeks are devoted to personal finance, what do you consider the most essential aspects of PF? What do you wish you had learned (or been taught) in high school that you didn't learn till later in life?
Online financial advisor companies - experiences?
Moving abroad with a large raise, how do I prepare?
If I buy a nice desk chair to use at work can I claim some kind of deduction on my taxes?
about to put 45k into vanguard split 3 ways...mostly all mutuals and etfs...what is the minimum amount of time i have to keep it in one fund?
New car - immediate auto refinancing?
Can someone explain this method of tax deferral and why it works?
Advice for Recent College Graduate?
What do I with $10K when I don't need it for 2 years?
Sorry for repost still no clear answer: As of early August 2013 does Sallie Mae World Mastercard still count any item from Amazon for 5% rewards back under the bookstore category?
[X-post from r/frugal]So, I'm 27 and just got my first salaried job. I'm a schoolteacher in an area that doesn't pay much. Please help me set up a budget for myself so I don't get in over my head?
Is there a best way to pay off college debt?
I got offered a job where as part of my compensation, I receive stock, but the company is private. What can I do with it?
Does anyone here use Bank X?
40% of my income goes to taxes!? Will I owe more come April-15th?
What's Important to You?
When did you get term life insurance? How long and how much?
Any advice on how to secure a personal loan?
Which "travel rewards card" does /r/personalfinance recommend?
Do you know any Prepaid Debit Card with international Delivery other then Payoneer?
I'm Going to court for my private student loans. I have no money for a lawyer. Are there any online resources that can help me prepare me for what will likely be one of the most horrible days of my life?
Student loan consolidation advice, got any?
$100 in supplemental income monthly?
I'm 18, my mom passed away mid July. She got approved for disability/Medicare on appeal the week before she passed. Just now receiving installments of $6.6k in her bank account. What do I do?
On which balance does APR interest get charged on my credit card? This month's or last month's balance?
We're expecting our first baby - Sell both of our cars to get one baby-friendly car? Good idea?
I think I'm on track, time to start the taxable account?
New to this, can I file a claim?
19, finished my Sophomore year of college, and got my loans rejected for my junior year. Help?
Saving for a down payment in 2-4 years. Where would you invest your money?
Applying for a debt consolidation loan, what should I watch out for?
How to treat some side (1099) income in addition to standard W2 employment?
I'm 22, recent college grad, and aim to be a millionaire by 50. Advice? Am I a delusional moron? Set for bankruptcy?
Paychex Retirement Services - Anyone have any experience?
My wife and I (newlyweds) have roughly $80,000 in student debt. Do I maintain a 6 month emergency fund, or pay off portions of our debt?
I was awarded $50k from a small business in a settlement to be paid out over 9 months. Are there financial institutions that deal in smaller deals and would give me 90% of the money up front to take over the debt?
Opened a tj maxx card just for the 10% in store discount, regretted it immediately, what will this affect?
What does the "finance charge" mean on private student loan lending disclosure? (pic of disclosure included)
What do I do with roughly 50,000aud?
I'm 23, going to school, working, and living at home. Best way to save?
Is it worth applying for this credit card just for the rewards?
Asset allocation when starting a business?
Sold my house, Never Missed a Payment, Credit Score DROPPED???
Problems establishing credit, what can I do?
Can someone provide a link explaining *exactly* how non-profit donation deductions work?
Where to go after college?
Pay down/off debt or pay off vehicle? I want to increase my credit score.
Best place to get your credit score (US)?
First post on reddit (very exciting): Should I switch out of the Fidelity IRA that I jumped into without realizing how many better options there are?
I had a lot of medical debt. I paid the remainder of it off in the second week of January of this year. My credit score hasn't budged up an inch. What can I do to help improve it?
Private student loan payments are going to be too high, do I have any options?
Should I sell "not bad" appreciated mutual funds despite capital gains taxes?
Almost $50k saved up with no debts. How much is typically needed for an emergency fund? Where should I invest this money to save for a house/condo in the future?
0% Balance Transfer Fee?
Connect Accounts in Credit Karma?
Where to apply extra money?
Buying a house: Wife has better credit than me ~640. Mine is poor ~ 595. I earn an above average salary but my wife doesn't work. Will we be able to get approved?
Can I afford to move out of my parents’ home and pay college tuition?
PF I can no longer sustain my car payment. How do I proceed? Can I give the car back to the dealership?
Increasing credit limit to increase credit score?
Prior military, college student with $800 extra income/month. What should I do with it?
Is is time to short U.S. equities?
My 401(k) contribution for the payroll period ending 12/31/12 was remitted to my plan sponsor on 1/4/13. Does it count against my 2012 or 2013 limit?
Friend is $100k in student loan debt. I put together a plan to help him get it together. Any suggestions? (US)
Going from poor to not-poor...How do I learn to stop being an idiot with my money?
We've all seen the commercials, but what is actually the best/easiest/most secure way to check your credit scores for free?
(CA) How screwed am I?
I am now involved in my families apartment rental business. What kind of credit scores are considered too low to rent to?
Have lots of credit card debt with high APR. Should I look into a credit union?
Is I funded my Roth IRA in March, how long must I wait to fund again?
Debt lookup?
any reason to stay with existing lender during refinance?
Best credit card?
Should I begin investing before I graduate from college? If so, how should I go about doing it?
401K options are kinda crap, only add work match minimum?
New Grad, New Job. Where can I go from here?
We were just given $10,000 to put towards my about to be born daughter's education. What to do?
Fellow American Express Delta Skymiles cardholders, I just bumped up to a Delta Reserve card. What are some of the best perks?
Home Equity Loan to pay off student loans?
How can I tell if it's too soon to put $ into my Roth IRA?
18yo getting first part-time job, what steps do I take to secure a strong financial future?
What kind of secured credit card do I need?
Do I owe any tax?
Taking the Health/Life, Series 6 and 63 for new job, is there anything I should know in advance as far as the tests or anything worthy of mention?
How should I structure my debt over these three credit cards + overdraft with varying interest rates?
AT&amp;T debt of a family member. How do I go about resolving it?
Should I cancel a high interest card and get another one?
Live where your heart is for a longer commute or close to your job? Need advice!
RothIRA timing - what am I doing?
Tips on getting my fiance on board with financial planning?
WSJ: What Is the Biggest Mistake Investors Make When Evaluating a Fund?
Pros and cons of different brokers?
Should I stop 401(k) contributions to save for a house downpayment?
Small balance in 401k, just quit that job to go to school full time- should I withdraw it?
Considering Credit Counselling (Canada) Why should I not do this?
Should I roll over my old 401k into an IRA or my new 401k?
Which credit card should I get? (College)
Received a check from my 401k from a job that I recently quit. What next?
I messed up bad and took out an installment loan, do I have any options?
I want to pick up a Credit Card simply for the points rewards. What do you use? Which one has the best return?
What will happen to home prices when QE stops?
How should I approach paying off my debt fresh out of school?
Should I prioritize saving for retirement, paying off student loan (50K), or paying off house (120K)? Details inside.
I just discovered that I have around 200k Amex points that I have been accumulating over the past 7 years. What's the best bang for my buck?
Should I use my 401k to pay off a 10.5% loan early?
Starting 45k, no debt, minimal expenses. How much do I put into my 401k if any?
Credit line increase?
Newly Married, Husband has a new job paying better, help?
Are you young, married, and overwhelmed by your finances?
Am I overpaying for car insurance?
When PRIME is raised, how far ahead of time is it announced? (if at all)
There seem to be more and more discussions about MONSTER student loan debt vs. earning potential. What would stop someone from leaving the US and making a new life in another country?
(Re)building credit: Open new card or wait?
When deciding to grant new credit are biz credits and personal credit cards placed in different categories?
Discover's "Discover it" Card?
Here's my (former) financial advisor disagrees with indexing as an investment strategy. What do you think?
How much should I offer as cash payment to settle my debt? Success stories with collection agencies?
Retirement account(s)...IRA? 403b? Where to put the money!?!?!
Australian here - help me understand why everyone on PF seems to have HUGE student loan debts? (AU)
Should I pay off my student loans early?
How do taxes work for a non-IRA Vanguard fund?
We're in good shape, but what comes next?
Is it ok to put money in your parent's Roth?
Are I-bonds a viable alternative to traditional savings accounts?
Financial advantages of getting married? [Canada]
Will applying for credit cards that I may be declined for hurt my credit score?
Ideas for investment in New Zealand?
Was recently let go from my job. Currently have $23,500 vested in the retirement plan. What do I do with this money?
How much money did you save up before moving out of your family's home?
Starting a new job with 401(k). What to do with my old ones?
New to the credit game. Should I get a new/different card?
24 years old. 32k salary, no debt, no savings, no credit! what do I do?
What can I do about wrong information in the NSLDS? If I can't get aid, what are my best options to pay for school?
If you were optimizing for decently high salary opportunities and reasonably low cost of living, where would you go within the US?
Got approved for federal direct unsubsidized loan for master's classes; should I accept?
Personal Finance Checkup! What should I be doing?
Why don't more people buy/live in mobile or manufactured homes?
[US] How many exemptions should I claim?
At any point before retirement, should you stop investments and just let the money sit there, to be safe?
Am I in a financial situation to buy this car? (CA)
Have a leased car, but thinking about buying one also which could potentially save money. Thoughts?
Parents have a $17,000 Parent PLUS loan for my college. Should I be aware of anything when I give them money to pay it off?
When an web-submitted CLI is accepted, does the credit card company have to explicitly notify you if it was a hard inquiry?
15% down with PMI and keep my rainy day fund? or withdraw from IRA without penalty (first time home purchase exemption) + rainy day fund to do 20%?
Does upgrading your credit card at a company to a better credit card hurt your credit score?
I am going into my first year of college with graduation money just sitting in the bank; where can I safely invest $1000 short and long term?
Future Goal Set. 27. No Debt. Savings Growing...thoughts?
What would you do?
Microsoft Money users - what happened to the cash flow graph?
$187,100 in debts. Good income and prospects. Family. SF Bay area. What's my plan?
At what price point does leasing a car make more sense than buying?
Currently using Bank of America credit card; should I switch?
Rolling over a Roth 401 to Roth IRA. What are my options?
How do I stop my friend from going deeper into a financial black hole?
I am having trouble pulling my weight in keeping track of finances at home. How can I do better?
Credit card to start with without credit?
Trying to understand tax withholding. If you and your spouse claim 0, could you ever owe tax?
Going from totally broke to having disposable income--how to manage? (xpost from frugal)
Unexpected stock cash out. What are my options/tax obligations?
Why do a company match, then a post-tax IRA, then back to the 401k?
Critique my Finances! How much "fun" money should I allot?
Help. I've only got 1k and a hundred bucks to live off the last months of this year, is there a way to turn this around?
Critique my balance transfer strategy, am I making mistakes?
Buying a house to (maybe?) make a profit?
What is the downside to investing in stocks that pay higher dividends such as NMM, WIN and CIM?
21 y/o student with no debt, 10000 euros in savings, and a business, what should I do? (NL)
Is active re-balancing of my portfolio necessary?
How do I choose between all these different index funds?
Is it worth it for me to go back to school?
(UK) 18 y/o, getting a student loan larger than I need. What to do with extra cash I have to pay back?
Modify Vehicle Loan?
Does credit utilization matter on a card by card basis?
Will be looking for my first house in a few months, but know very little about mortgages. Advice?
MyEdAccount balance is at $0 - why?
20 yr old brother is moving in with me as he looks for a job. He has little sense of personal finance. How would you go about instilling a sense of budget responsibility in someone that's never had that before?
Looking for a credit card/charge card for work related reimbursements. Suggestions?
625$ rent; do I need a loan?
Are contributions to spouse's RRSP tax deductible?
I'm 21 years old, I have $24,000 in accumulated debt. What do I do?
I'm thinking of not rolling over my 401k. Thoughts?
Will taking a loan from my 401k affect my credit or show up on my credit report?
Money vs Happiness. How much more would you have to make to ditch a job you like for one you don't?
Is buying a house a good option for our specific situation? Married, mid 20s, southeastern US
How much are you planning on saving for you child(ren)'s education? And when did you start?
Why is it assumed that investments in mutual funds = retirement?
Should I sell or rent out my house?
iOS budget app. Envelopes and rollover? (CA)
Student loans? Sallie mae/other options?
What are the best travel rewards credit cards?
Tips for saving on rent near Palo Alto?
Any Downside to Switching to Credit Union After Years With Big Bank?
Can YNAB create two separate budgets for two different users?
Seems like a stupid question, but how do I set up Automatic Payments for my new credit card?
Did I invest in too many funds in 401k?
Got married this weekend: where should I keep our gift money in order to put it toward a house in 2-3 years?
How do I figure out how large of a raise would offset the value of my pension?
Should I trade my car in or finish out the loan term? 11.9% interest. Don't kill me.
Jobless student, need surgery, have a citation I need to pay. No money. What on earth do I do?
Is a whole life insurance 10 pay plan a good idea?
Credit card for improving my credit score?
Maxing Roth IRA and Roth 401k?
Reddit, should I consolidate my private loans? I have about $140k in debt.
Cash flow is low, whats next?
Best gift option for young nephew's financial well-being?
Student Credit Card that offers $25 a quarter for on time payments? (US)
401k Roth, what to do after I leave?
Which articles, books or pieces of advice related to managing money have influenced your habits the most?
What is the correct amount or proportion of $ funds to keep liquid (in a checking account)?
My doctor is suggesting that I take disability leave from work. How does this work?
What's the best place to invest an HSA?
Returning to school with good credit. Private or Federal student loans?
Just moved to the USA, and all of my credit card apps were rejected; how can I build credit?
What do financially independent people do for health insurance?
Need a loan for college, suggestions?
What's your worst personal PF story?
Another student loan question...how to pay principal only?
The dreaded car question. Should I?
How do I best way to handle remaining money from my unsubsidized loans? Return? Pay higher interest loan? Roth? or Invest?
Just wait three years for better Credit score?
Would moving from MD to NYC for this job be smart financially?
Any Canadians working in the US on TN? What should I do as far as 401k goes? My company matches up to 6% of my eligible earnings and 3% of my earnings regardless if I contribute or not.
401k question - I make 24kyr/ Wife makes 25k. Would like to save up for down payment but also wonder how much to save in 401k?
I spend about $50,000 per month on a credit card -- what benefits should I be taking advantage of?
I removed myself as an authorized user from my mom's credit card but I still see her delinquent payments on my credit report after three months. What are my options?
Reddit like this for home buying, financing, research, or general ownership?
401k Question - A potential employer offered to match 30% of my first 10% deferred. What does this mean?
What percentage of discretionary income do you allow yourself?
Are there any textbooks that cover personal finance, tax, small business, investing...etc?
Going back to school, what should I do with my 401k?
Will upgrading my credit card hurt my credit score?
Can someone explain to me how interest in a savings account works please?
My old employer keeps accidently paying me, what can I do?
Medical bills going to collections, unemployed, poor credit hurting job prospects...help? US-NC
How much house can my fiance and I afford? Household income ~ $110,000 (before taxes)
401K: Contribute to the employer match and then what?
Where do you hold your short/medium-term savings?
Priority of Medical Bills?
Changing jobs, new employer won't let me contribute to 401k until 2014. Already maxed my Roth IRA. Do I have other options for tax-advantaged accounts?
$65k in Credit Card debt on $95k/year Income. Should I declare bankruptcy? [crosspost from /r/legaladvice]
Am I doing enough for retirement? (401k + Roth)
Anyone have any experience with how quickly/well "New Resource Bank" handles problems with accounts when they happen?
I'm a college student that will have about $10,000 to invest or save after I graduate. What would be the smartest thing to do with my money?
Is sacrificing for student loans worth the opportunity cost?
How am I doing? Good/bad/ugly? (CAN)
[New income. Need help!][22f][tax advice?]
No taxable income for several years, just received $100K gift. How to set up investment account/ IRA?
Tax strategy for upcoming inheritance?
Could I get a $40K-60K personal loan to put a down payment on a condo with a great credit score?
irement Savings or Supercharge Car Savings?
Why was i declined for a credit card when i have (on paper) "good" credit? (info inside)
How do I know when I can afford something?
Financial Aid question: Can I request a $1000 more dollars on a Parent Plus Loan than necessary?
Corporate Credit Card - effect on credit score?
Personal Finance Checkup: More retirement? More mortgage contributions? Investing?
Is there a cheaper way to invest?
Getting 3 paychecks this month, how does the rest of PF handle this?
Revising student loan terms in favour of saving account. Could this negatively impact my credit score? [CANADA]
My job offers a stock purchase plan. I've never had this before, so I wonder what can a person actually do with stock?
What can a young guy in his low 20's do to help ensure he can get a loan from a bank to start his own business?
HELOC vs Home-Equity Loan vs ? - What to pick for home remodeling project?
Looking for easy side income from home? Tutor online for up to $14/hour.
401(k) borrowing getting a bad rap?
Co-sign for an apartment for a good friend?
What's next after saving for retirement?
Trying to redeem Credit Card points for Wife's Birthday gift. Merchandise vs Cash?
Money market accounts as general savings/retirement accounts?
New to Credit, &lt;1Year, When to upgrade card?
How do I get collection agency to give my account back to original lender? I'm about to be conned out of $3k and my credit score [student loan]
My mutual fund isn't doing well. Should I sell?
If you're maxing out your employer match to your retirement account, why ever choose a traditional 401k over Roth? (US)
Should I invest the funds in my HSA in mutual funds, or keep them in a savings account with a good interest rate?
I've might have to live paycheck-to-paycheck for the next few months. Any advice or something I overlooked?
When should I apply for a airline perk credit card and which one would be recommended?
(Credit report question) Can someone tell me what this specific wording means and how I would go about paying it off to start rebuilding credit?
How much does a kid cost? (SF Bay Area)
Is it possible to see what credit score a credit card company pulled on you?
Does repeatedly losing your credit cards (and having to cancel/replace them) lower your credit score?
Sister currently owns house. How can we make me the owner despite my bad credit rating? (UK)
Seeking advice, keep in money market or put in CD?
How do you guys track your investments? I'm partial to Google Finance, but it has it's problems. What are my alternatives?
Unable to get credit report from Equifax, what do I do next?
Pay off loans or invest instead?
Unemployed Student Mortgage? - With A Twist (UK)
What do you think of my short term financial plan? and a few other questions. 23/M
Grad student with sizable credit card debt and no income outside of student loans--take on more loans to pay off my credit card?
Best bank for someone seeking to open an account, who has an income but horrible credit and a bit of debt (in the tens of thousands)? Chase bank?
When I pay off a credit hard, how long does it take for the reduced utilization to be reflected in my credit score?
I want to get a student bank account with a 0% overdraft, but the best one has no branch near me. Does that matter? (U.K)
In the Florida, how realistic is it to survive off of approximately 40-50k a year?
How to help? Dad needs a place to stay.
Moving back to the US, need to buy a house and car. How do I do this without committing financial suicide?
Kind of a follow up post. Can people please give me advice and experience on student bank accounts with interest free overdrafts? (U.K)
Want to switch from Betterment to Vanguard, am I going about this the right way?
I am finally debt free. What next? (Canada)
Charles Schwab checking account as an alternative to traditional banks?
Is the "30% of your income max should go towards housing costs" guideline 30% of pre-tax or post-tax income?
I am a tipped employee, but I have not been keeping up with how much I have made. What can I do?
30 years old, lived off cash my whole life. Now I need to establish credit from ground zero. How do I start?
Getting started post-college with wife starting grad school; am I doing it right?
I Bonds for down payment a few years away?
[UK] Is bankruptcy my only choice?
Here's how I have planned my personal finances..any advice?
How would you start preparing if your pay is going to be cut by more than half in the next 12-18 months?
35/married with US$~400k net worth. How am I doing?
Help for self-employed writer on filing taxes quarterly?
Best Credit Card for Personal Situation?
Employer match 401k, how to compare benefits?
Old Lawsuit.... Can They Collect?
will living on campus affect my pell grant?
I'm 24, making $25k a year. Still live at home and very small student loan and almost no other bills. Any tips to start investing small?
I'm in the navy and want to make smart decisions with my money any advice?
What should I do about a car? Need one soon to get me to work and school.
Who else on here doesn't have a CC or car payment?
(AU) "Cashing out" holidays and long service - most effective way?
Would like to get a place with a buddy or two , we are 20 years old, and both make 12 an hour. Any advice for a first time buyer?
I'm buying a car from a dealership for the first time in my life. Any advice for dealing with a car salesman?
Trying to dispute some info with Experian but they require a utility bill to reflect my current address?
Student Loans / College. Should I stay or Transfer?
My mom died and left me 50,000 and always told me to put it on a down payment for a house. But I'm not in the position to do that now. How should I save it for around 3 to 5 years??? Please help
Should I pay all my student loans equally, or should I focus on the expensive ones?
What percentage of your paycheck do you save?
If I'm awarded stock in my large, stable company, is there any reason not to sell as soon as it vests?
I am 29, have ~100k in savings, have 80k/yr steady job. Is opening a subway(50% partner) as side business a good idea?
Where can a teacher buy house? What kind of jobs can make it NYC? Cool data shows housing affordability in 207 metro areas for 76 occupations.
I just married. My wife is in a lot of school debt. Can I claim her debt as a tax credit?
The recovering economy means more overtime money, but also higher stocks. How can I keep this correlation from making me "buy high"?
I feel unsafe in my parents home. I need to move out. How?
I've been offered a job at a start-up. Can you help me with some financial planning? (Equity and 401k)
UPDATE: What is Our Next Step?
Does it make sense to stagger mutual fund contributions as a strategy to reduce risk?
Dear PF, Should I Quit My Job?
Thoughts on Life Insurance?
Girlfriend's employer's retirement plan is an annuity from reliastar. Looks like garbage. Advice?
Where can I get cheap personal checks?
Airlines rewards or cashback for credit cards?
I have 4 credit cards with the same interest rate and very close balances. Is it better to throw all my extra cash on one card until it's paid off completely, or spread my extra money around?
Is this a reasonable exception to index funds: buying stock in companies you want to support?
How much house can someone afford if renters can cover the mortgage?
Universal life worthwhile?
Esa vs 529?
When is it the right time to transfer money from abroad? (TW)
Stuck with $425/month car payments thanks to car crazy parents. Worth it to get a new loan?
Getting my feet wet in investing but I don't understand this type of instrument. Any advice? (JP)
Applied for Amazon credit card, got rejected due to no credit history, when to reapply?
Does my credit increase even if I make very small purchases with my credit card and pay it off in full?
I'm looking at my savings being drained to take care of some uninsured dental work. advice?
Need advice: How should I allocate my retirement assets now, if I'm only going to be contributing to one fund for the next year?
Can someone explain to me how I just got a monthly limit of over $3000 on my Amex?
Can my outstanding balances on accounts in Canada affect my credit score in the US?
How am I gonna pay my 18K student loan on a 16-17K income ? (Canadian, eh). Help needed.
What is your strangest money habit?
Should I pay off my credit card with money from my savings account?
Is a rollover my best option? Small amount, new job, late 20s.
New wife and I were about to open an interest checking and savings account with Ally. Sign-up process was so difficult we gave up with serious concerns about their customer service. Any alternatives?
How would you recommend distributing my refund check I just got?
How much house can you afford?
Raising credit score by opening more accounts? Should I?
The eternal question: Roth or Traditional?
Need advice: How should I allocate the rest of my portfolio now, if I'll only be buying the S&amp;P 500 for the next year?
What to do with kid's savings?
How much does it cost to own a car? (Ontario)
How much is a good amount to keep in your savings?
Negotiate with UBS on defaulted loan or just pay it off?
If, for all of your investing, you could own only two ETFs what would they be?
Why is paying off small loans with high interest rates first more efficient than paying off significantly larger loans with a smaller interest rate first?
Company is paying for education up to $10k, but tax regulations mandate everything after $5750 is now taxable income. How will this affect me if I go over the $5750?
Took me 3 1/2 months to save 1 months pay am I doing it right?
What is the best way to utilize my credit card?
Will AES (student loans) settle on a reduced amount if I offer to pay off my loans all at once?
I'm an employer who's looking to start offering a 401k. What's a good match?
Can you combine accounts in Mint?
Most effective way to pay off loans, larger rate or larger loan?
good personal finance books for a 13 year old?
No match on 401k, any reason to put more in past minimum?
Married, 30y/o, combined 56k in student loan debt, 90k/yr combined salary. Are we messing up if we don't throw everything we have at the loans?
Trying to get through college with minimal amounts of debt and no financial support from parents. Any general suggestions on how to do so?
Where do you store money when saving up for something specific?
What would you do? CC debt vs emergency savings?
Financing a car within a year, should I wait to open new credit card?
New mortgage sold to unscrupulous firm (Ocwen). What should I do?
Does anyone else feel overwhelmed when thinking about your financial future?
Question- good credit, use personal loan to payoff credit card?
How much money should I be making to be in a good financial position? (personal details inside)
Is there a bank that is similar to a credit union?
Cancel my credit card?
Work history requirements for mortgage refinancing?
How am I supposed to establish credit if I can't even get a simple student credit card?
Any contractors/consultants that can offer some help?
What percentage of personal finances comes down to math skills? 1%? 5%? 10%? None %?
Is ally Cd the best right now?
I owe a few thousand and have nothing. What are my options?
University student, no debt, what would you do with ~$ 50,000?
Not sure if this is the correct place, but how am i doing?
Just got a pre-approved loan in the mail for $4000. Is this legit?
What's a good credit card to get with perks for a college kid who's NOT in debt, has a salary, and wants to build credit?
I think I screwed up insurance! Can anyone help me?
How am I supposed to establish credit if I can't even get a simple student credit card?
Best way to contribute to joint monthly expenses?
What are some good books or websources to read in order to learn about personal finance?
Can I get miles on a Southwest card by paying another credit card?
Do you guys have a standard percentage of how you allocate funds on a regular basis? (Philippines)
Is it worth paying off my car sooner than expected for building credit?
$50 Debt, Anything Under $100 Does Not Affect Credit Score?
28 yo with nearly $80k in medical debt. I have a $27k/y job and no other debts. What should I do?
(US) Car loan and credit card question. Should I/can I get a Chase Sapphire preferred card?
Do you participate in an Employee Stock Purchase? Should I be pulling money out or letting it just sit there?
How do I invest $30k?
If you could borrow money at 3% to invest, would it be worth it?
Should I be concerned about a rather large (to me) discrepancy between my credit scores?
What forums do middle class homeowners visit?
Is this too much credit for me?
Car totalled and looking to buy a car in a couple months. Should I consider non-owner auto insurance?
Target REDcard worth it?
Is your savings rate a point of personal pride for you?
Am I doing the right thing for college by not accepting a unsubsididized loan?
Roth 403(b)/457(b) fully funded BEFORE Roth IRA?
[UK] Will I be able to increase the limit on my credit card?
Recommendations for books on investing?
Bills to pay and an insurance settlement in the works, how horrible are settlement pre-finance outfits?
Can someone explain a rural development loan?
What is the role of a budget when you are financially secure?
What to do with Money in Savings?
how private is your personal finance?
Cash rewards credit card with prior bankruptcy?
Where To Begin With Stock?
21 years old. How am I doing with my finances?
Gotta file quarterly taxes as an independent contractor. Where to even begin?
Protecting oneself from deadbeat roommates?
Does anyone have any positive experiences with a consumer credit service?
What could I be doing to better my PF?
Rolled over 401K to an IRA, now what?
Would like to move in 6 months. How much should I save?
Managed Payout Funds?
I want to convert my traditional 401k to a Roth IRA, but if I expect to be in a lower tax bracket next year should I convert to a tIRA this year, and then to a Roth IRA next year?
401K Rebalance?
Should I just pay off my Salliemae loan?
What are the chances we can buy a house in the next few years?
Credit Card to Pay Other Debt?
How important is it to get your credit report from all three agencies?
New job, large salary - now what?
Can you still go to school with loans in default/being garnished from your tax refund?
Bought my house a year ago and now have an interested buyer on it. I love the house, but should I sell?
Getting ready to ship for Army basic, would hiring a FA be a waste?
What is the best way to calculate growth over time for Net Worth?
figuring out a living space based on expected income. is there a "rule"?
pulled credit report, found an unknown collection. how to go about a debt validation letter?
New job after college, can anyone answer a couple of questions?
Closing a credit card; OK with a student loan balance?
What do you include in your emergency fund?
Online only high-yield savings accounts - what's the catch?
Tips for saving money? (18) (IRE)
How should I handle my money next year?
What should I do with this bond?
Can I contribute to funds in my employer's 401K plan if I don't meet the minimum amount to invest?
I'm reading the MMM blog and I don't quite understand the concept of compounding the price of repeat purchases/fees. Can someone explain?
BOA requesting financials on a 7 yr old loan. Why???????
Debt collector won't send me a letter?
I need to build good credit and invest, any advice?
How do I haggle for a shorter rental lease? (x-post from /r/RealEstate)
How can I start a Traditional IRA with pre-tax dollars?
$50K Cash, advice on investing?
Credit card balance transfers. Do's and Don't's?
Which student loan should I pay down? I have $10,000 to use.
Student loan payback assistance or higher salary?
The majority of my paycheck goes to food, and I end up broke before my next one comes in. Help?
I just paid off all our credit cards. Which/how many to keep?
Why, according to mint.com, is a 401k not considered an asset, but an IRA is?
Open a Roth IRA at 18?
Large Inheritance &amp; Annuity- What to do?
Percent of take home pay to spend on rent?
I have poor credit according to creditkarma. I have to buy a car this fall to prep for winter. How can I beat the poor credit?
How do I reduce the damage of a late payment to my credit score?
LegalShield just sounds too good to be true, does anyone have any horror stories? Does it make financial sense?
What options do I have in times of hardship regarding an employee stock plan?
Mom is 62 with $29k uninvested retirement savings. I'm her retirement plan, but what should I do?
What's the best free software to manage a family budget?
According to Credit Karma my credit is having erratic jumps for the last 4 months?
Does it make sense to pull equity out of your home to increase your retirement contributions?
Thinking about moving out of parent's house to make my commute easier, should I rent or buy property?
Mint or personalfinance.com alternative for non-US?
What websites do you use for PF and everyday money? (UK)
While checking my direct deposit this morning, I immediately noticed I was overpaid by $42,000. Hell of a way to wake up. Now what?
Could someone help me with 403(b) investments info?
New credit card with 0% interest for one year. How bad is it to let a balance sit on their for an extended period of time?
New card with 0% interest and no payments for a year. How bad is it to let a balance sit on the card?
How do you budget for gifts/events/etc?
How to safely store more than 250k$ (FDIC deposit limit)?
The difference between Federal and Private Loan?
Which credit cards are you guys using and why?
I have 11k of student debt left @ 2.875% fixed interest. I could comfortably pay this off now, but should I just invest that money instead?
Helping my gf setup her pension investments. Are her options really as bad as they seem?
What do I do about my car? Keep or sell?
Lending money to unreliable sister?
18 years old, 16,000$ saved. Scolarships and parents are covering most of my education. What do?
How are some credit unions able to offer 4% interest on high yield checking?
Bad credit. Small bank loan?
Opening an online checking account. I have narrowed it down to two: Schwab or Ally?
Money Market from Duke Energy?
Can someone review these mortgage numbers for me?
What is the best way to work toward paying off our non-mortgage debt?
Is it OK to take out a Student Line of Credit in order to live on my own during my masters? (Canada)
How do I enter a transaction in Mint.com for something I got partially paid back for?
I'm getting my first job soon I'm young what should I do with my money?
To Keep or Not to Keep? Replace with?
Best way to regularly transfer money internationally? FR &gt; CA
Use credit card promotion to pay auto loan?
Anyone familiar with how CLRP in the Air Force works?
Why am I getting denied a credit increase?
Moving from CO to CA, what is the benefit of switching my car insurance over?
[US] Have I been throwing money away with a 65-life Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance policy?
How does having a line of credit affect me?
Compounding interest, it works who knew? Thanks PF
Are there budgeting websites like mint etc. that dont require a bank account? i just use two prepaid debit cards for everything,visa netspend, and blue bird amercian express. Thanx guys
Consequences of lying on credit card application?
After falling on some hard times, my finances have been "reset" and I'm about to move into my own place again. I have about three grand from student loans (actual money in my bank account) and a job. What's the best way to do this?
How do empty, unused credit cards affect credit?
What does the PF community know about Self-Directed Roth IRA's?
Can I get an auto-loan without proof of income?
Full time student, part time job, what to do with my money?
Just moved to the US on a student Visa. What prepaid cards can I use?
One time direct deposit service?
What's the best way to increase my credit limit if I don't plan on ever using the new credit?
Asking for a raise...should I do it? If so, how?
Near $0 savings, $15,000 in student debt; which should I prioritize?
I've been taking out 0% introductory rate credit cards for free leverage and rewards. Thoughts?
401(k): Rollover to new 401(k) or Roth IRA?
Should I take money out from my IRA to put into a home purchase?
What's the best retirement strategy for me? I'm a young real estate broker in California.
When should I sell a rental property?
21m, is my current credit score real...?
Verizon pulled money from my checking account and it is now overdrafted $300. I don't have the money to pay it and the OD charge is $7 a day. What do I do?
When to get a credit card? 20M. (AU).
Help a college student find her way through credit cards? Can I open several and barely use them?
Temporarily suspending 401k contributions -- how big of a deal is it?
Can I pay off a $2,500 auto loan with a credit card?
At the brink of bankruptcy after my divorce. How do I get back on my feet?
Got a credit card on my parents' account years ago, just found out it negatively impacted my credit. What to do?
Why is it that I get no pleasure from earning a $1000 paycheck but become extremely upset when I break a $5 ceramic plate?
My mom's SSN was put in for mine when I was 16. I'm 25 and now 1/2 of my credit report is my mom's accounts. How do I fix this?!
What is /r/personalfinance's opinion on this thread/sentiment?
I really want to make a stupid purchase. What is your thought process when you want to live outside your means?
Is there a lower limit on income to either reduce or remove the need for taxes?
Graduate student loans with 6.8% interest. Does this seem high? Any alternatives?
Early retirement withdrawal or risk debt?
Dump Roth IRA to help reduce student loan, thoughts?
401(k) to Traditional IRA to Rollover IRA?
Starting up a good sales job that pays solely on Commission only. How do I plan my finances accordingly?
What's a good "Boot Camp" Program for teens and young adults (16-22) who have ZERO financial literacy?
Can live off this budget? Is it realistic?
Consolidation, other financial advise for young adult with little disposable income?
Going from mortgage to home equity - good idea?
How long is the disputing process for credit?
By your late 20's, how much have you saved?
By your late 20's, how much have you saved?
Planning on going to grad school after having worked for 3 years. Can anyone explain if converting my 401k to a Roth is a good/bad move?
What to do with wife's 401k after she quit her job?
Am I *really* financially ready to move out? Keep second-guessing + no support otherwise (27 y/o; good job; decent savings)
Use pre-tax deductions to lower my income, husband's income, or both?
I've got $3,900 left in student loans at 3.15%, which (at this time) is only gathering $0.33 per day. What's my best course of action at this point?
Which of these would you pay off / down first?
Refinancing house with a home equity loan - good idea?
If your company offers insurance to your spouse, but only if her job does not offer it how do they know? Any ramifications of keeping a spouse on your insurance when her job offers it?
US student moving to UK. Is it possible to avoid international fee on tuition?
Any downsides to a piggyback loan on a mortgage I should know about ahead of time?
How to change 401k fund options?
Student Loan: Avoid "Pay Ahead Status"?
What to do with 401a?
Save or pay off credit card debt?
Refinancing student loans?
How do you maintain your budget (logistics)?
Needing to replace AC unit and furnace in my home...is a home equity line of credit a smart way to pay for this?
Does refinancing affect your credit score?
How concerned should people be about their retirement?
3 loans, which to hit with lump sum payment? (CA)
Looking to buy a bigger house in a better town. Are we in a financial situation that allows this?
GF defaulted hard on credit cards. How do I minimize damages at this point?
How much on average would a credit score go up if someone's bankruptcy AND foreclosure fall off?
Seek a second degree that I love with private loans, or try to knock out the federal loans I have to get more?
Moving to new apartment - leasing agent lied to us. What should we do?
Are there any other retirement funds to contribute to other than 401k and Roth IRA?
When do I need to make a will?
Best rewards credit card?
Refinancing our auto loans- worth it? A few questions.
US accountants/tax preparers/CPAs: what are some tips for hiring someone to do your taxes?
I inherited money, am I talking to the right people?
I have planned out a budget for myself. The problem is, I can't get caught up enough to actually start using it. Advice?
How much do you think I can afford to spend on a car?
Should I try to trade my car while it still has some value or ride it out to the bitter end?
Should I keep all retirement funds at one company?
Car was repossessed in 2006, will this fade from my credit now?
Merging Fiances?
Are we wasting our money?
Should I apply for a new credit card, increase my current line of credit, or both?
What are the best credit cards for a young college student? (US)
What is a legitimate credit report site? Which site did you use for your score?
Just got my first credit card (secured). I don't need to use it. It has a $1000 credit limit. How much should I spend a month to maximize the increase in my credit rating? (currently around 650 I believe)
Rolling over 401k -&gt; IRA -&gt; Roth - dumb decision?
Just got a settlement offer on a bill with Verizon, but not sure how to make sure I don't get shafted...help?
UPDATE: Former employer's pension plan is offering lump sum payment. What should I do?
Could someone weigh in on why Carecredit is better(or worse) than a credit card to pay for medical bills?
Should I increase my tax withholding?
Confused about Vanguard paycheck deduction options for esrp (and critique investments?)
Can you down $5,000 for a car payment using a credit card?
Changing banks to improve savings interest--will this negatively affect my credit score?
Should I open another card with a balance transfer as part of my debt payoff plan?
Has anyone tried "simple"? Any reviews?
Taking out a loan I don't "need" in order to build credit?
Canadian here. New to personal finance. For the couch potato plan, Should I go through Vanguard, or a particular Canadian bank?
Health Savings Account?
I'm not sure what my next move should be?
What big banks are recommended for free checking?
Young, high-income, high-debt. Advice?
Would it be a horrible idea to purchase a home rather than rent?
Contractor work in different countries...how does that play into taxes?
Is there a tax free medical savings account I can set up for my unique employment situation?
Can anyone recommend a easy to setup 401K plan for small businesses?
401k loans: anyone have good experiences or advice to share?
Should I get a Wells Fargo consolidation loan to pay off my Wells Fargo credit card?
When do I pay off my credit card?
Does it make sense to get a 401k loan to help finance a house?
Risks of selling a home by owner without a Realtor?
YouNeedABudget is 75% off on Steam. I've been using the demo for a few days, have people had a good experience with it?
How to go about getting a small loan for start-up costs of a small business venture?
Am I being screwed by my insurance agent?
Something on my credit falls off next month. If it is not paid, what happens?
Exploring new job opportunity , can I afford lower income + higher expenses?
How does my 401k compare to others?
Pay off student loans or save beyond Roth IRA for retirement?
Want to keep my auto insurance deductible ($500) in a CD. Is this stupid?
Picking up another mortgage?
Ally online savings or local credit union?
How much car can I afford?
Best credit card to get before moving abroad for a year?
Is this an error in my credit report?
Currently put in $5,551.51 on my Roth IRA on vanguard... I thought the limit was $5,550?
Second Credit Card - Necessary?
Pay off the mortgage off of an investment rental property early or save for kid's college in a 529?
Was your government loan recently transferred to a different company?
Looking for first credit card while in school. Tips?
Worth it to start investing in ETFs now when just starting investing or should I wait and start off with mutual fund investing instead? (CA)
New House = New Budget. Recommendations?
Where do I go from here?
Save on taxes, or pay off loan? (Canada)
Attempting to budget over a year with irregular income (Student loans, Stipends, TA positions). Am I missing any obvious expenses?
Can a Young Adult do a 50/30/20?
As a college student and long time Wells Fargo banker, I want to join a Credit Union after hearing everyone rave about it. What are the benefits? What am I suppose to look for when talking to the personal banker? Would it benefit me as a student?
How can I fix my credit score?
Does anyone know where and how I can get a virtual credit card?
What are the difference between a Virtual Gift Card and a Virtual Credit Card ?
Will be living with my fiancé soon. How much extra income should I have per month?
Anyone here used Paystream for their salary? (UK)
Credit Card for someone with less good credit?
Lender sold my student loan without my knowledge, breaking my auto-payments and causing me to miss first payment by 60 days. What can I do?
Where to go for advice on rental properties?
Medical Bills sent to collection during lawsuit. I won the lawsuit, however the medical bills are affecting my credit score! AHHHH What to do?
Will CC companies remove old reported late payments from credit reports if asked?
Looking to buy land (in addition to my house). Can you look over my budgets and help me out here?
YNAB is £7.49 on Steam at the moment. Should I buy?
Capital One venture card - experience getting annual fee waived?
Is it realistic to expect people to check their Finances every couple of days?
Should I become a Point-of-Contact for a friends loan?
College student with around $1000, what should I do with it?
Do I close my credit cards I'm not using or keep them open?
Does it make sense to own a scooter in NYC?
Follow up: Raising credit score by opening more accounts (CreditKarma fail?)
College Student: I've been denied for 2 parent plus loans, What can I do? (US)
How to manage monthly payments on such a high interest rate? (Student Loans)
Where should I put $10,000?
What to do about inquiries on credit report?
A different person's address when I did an address variance test for a credit check. Should I be concerned?
The creditors have stopped contacting me... now what?
Pay off car loan or contribute to Roth?
Is a Preferred Credit Line and a Credit Card different? More in comments
Can I be added as a cosigner to an existing private student loan?
Doing 5000 mile road trip. Have a car but I want to sell it next month. Use my car and put those miles on it or rent a car?
How did the credit card laws in 2009 affect student cards?
Paying more than the monthly loan amount only postpones next payment due date?
Thinking about investing in a vending machine that sells snacks, or possibly a soda machine. Is this a good idea?
Married couples who keep separate accounts, how does it work?
Just found out I was given a bunch of stocks over a decade ago, and have no idea about the cost basis. Help?
Is it smarter to save the money to pay my car off in one large final payment or to make larger monthly payments?
College student [20F] with 20K cash, and some investments in precious metals. What should I do with my liquid cash?
Best credit card?
US Bank charges me overdraft fees, because of overdraft fees and never tells me about it. Do I have any options?
I've lowered my monthly expenses but I'm concerned for the near future. How can I prepare myself?
23 years old. Moving to LA for a job. Doubling my current salary. Advice?
Is it worth it to kick in extra principal on my 30 year mortgage?
How can I transition away from a monthly reliance on credit?
Paying off a credit card with student loans?
US Expat living in India - contract payment/investment advice?
I got "served" by a debt collecting agency in Texas. What can I do to not be involved in a court process?
Should I contribute to a non-matching 401k program?
Hotel 'hold' money on credit card - what does this mean?
Should I temporarily pay down a credit card?
Trying to get out of a large auto loan with negative equity. Am I doing this right?
I have two daughters who are 14 &amp; 12. What books should I have them read on personal finance?
Paying off student loan vs. investing in retirement account?
Paid for college tuition, money not withdrawn?
At what point does EF trump debt repayment?
Eliminating Credit Cards -- I want to remove a few cards from the picture. How best to do it? Any negative repercussions?
Credit cards: Pay statement amount, or full account balance?
Trying to build / rebuild credit any tips or advice?
Question about building credit with utilities?
Personal finance is a long game, but what can I do day-to-day to improve?
Best way to finance a small college loan?
Advice for a single 23 year old with very few bills and no debt?
FAFSA questions and budgeting ideas? I'm not in debt (yet) and would love to keep the damage to a minimum!
Tips for starting individual 401k plan?
What do you guys think about taking a loan from your 401k?
Why do I have a credit score if I haven't ever had a credit card, loan, or any line of credit?
Secured car without a fee?
Easiest way to close a Bank of America checking and savings account?
Should I get a credit card to help build my credit ?
Any Tips for a Working/Commuting University Student in Canada?
Is it okay to have no spending one month on a credit card? (UK)
Is there a freely available dataset of all NYSE stock prices over the past year?
22, Recently graduated. Pay off last student loan or wait?
How aggressively should one pay off high interest federal student loans with higher potential for forgiveness vs low interest but high balance private loans?
My credit score is 499. Where do I go from here?
(CAN)TFSA: If it is my first year contributing is my max 5500? Or have I accumulated room since I was 18?
Paying cash for a car--Is there a payment window?
What can I do to build credit at the age of 18?
Hey PF. At your request, I used Unbury.Me to detail my loans and the two repayment types. I've shown you both, now, which would be the most beneficial long term? (Album Within)
Stuck for 3 years with astronomical interest rate on car loan. How do I fix it?
[Question] I live in a near-cashless society so I almost always use plastic. Should I consider getting a credit card with point-accumulation? (SWE) More info in text.
If you own your own business can you employer match your 401(K)?
Ally Bank or Alliant Credit Union?
Recently graduated, $50,000 in student loans and ~$30,000 in credit card debt - what are my options?
Put money in savings or ESPP?
What are some tips for balancing saving for retirement with saving for the near future?
I'm paying off student loans and trying to be smart, but am I missing something?
My grad school program allows me to take out 3 1,000 dollar loans interest free per year that must be payed back in 3 months. Any way I can use this to my advantage?
401(k) Retirement Plan at 21?
No debt besides mortgage, 15% towards retirement. Where do I go from here?
My employer offers both a 401k and ROTH and will match 4%.. What do I do?
I have the money to pay off some debt. Does it make sense?
Max out TSP contributions or only put in minimum and save for first house?
Anyone have the Blue Sky card from Amex?
Using lower interest student loans to pay off higher, older loans?
Mid-upper 700s credit score and I can't get a car loan?
Reasonable food budget?
So I bought Cash Value Life Insurance. Whoops. Should I cancel it to pay Student Loans instead?
True Cost of Borrowing Student Loans - Why Doesn't the Government Demand Proper Disclosure??
Federal Loan Transfer Dropped Credit Score by 50pts...Any Way to Rectify?
Is it okay to tap into emergency fund if you find something for sale for a very good price and is something you really need?
ESPP - worth it or not?
Finally in a position to really pay off debt... or should I invest?
Does the 30-33% to rent still apply if you live in a major city with no need for car?
Additional job options for a technical type?
Found a nice condo for rent in Jersey. What do I need to know before accepting the license and moving in?
Critique my options and current investment setup, please? Room for change?
What to do with my money if i have no loans or expenses, work part-time and am still in school?
How do you guys decide on "your number"?
At today's interest rates is it better to pay down mortgage to sell than to save actively for down payment or a mix of both?
How much do you spend per month on food?
Going to the Peace Corps for 2 years, how can I grow the money they'll give me when I'm done?
How do I find a debt sold to a 3rd party twice? (Xpost for r/askreddit)
Tap 401k to get into dream house?
Spreadsheet/App for creating a asset profile for each family member?
I made a budget and I think I'm saving too much, could I get a sanity check?
Poor credit but pretty good income... working my way back slowly. Help?
We're 2/3 of the way through 2013. Did you set goals for this year? How are you doing?
My car will get me ~$500 as a trade-in. Should I donate it for a tax credit instead? Something else?
Thoughts on the predicted upcoming financial crisis?
Will reporting credit card fraud cause problem getting a mortgage?
What is a 40B housing and how does it work? Does it make sense for me to invest in it?
How should I pay off a car loan to maximize credit gain while minimizing interest?
What exact is people's stance on payday splurging?
UK national wants to do Kickstarter using American proxy. US Tax implications?
401k or Roth IRA? Best way to start saving seriously with new salary? New job will not match until 1-year
How am I doing? (US)
Second opinion on all my money?
How to invest large 1-time lump sum?
[Q] What do banks consider a day, when talking about debit card limits?
How much to spend on a big ticket item?
I keep telling myself I know what we have to do, but do I really?
I live in the UK and get £50 a week spare. What would you do?
Self employed retirement options?
I'm a 15 year old high school student and I just opened a new set of bank accounts for the convenience and lower fees. Are there any benefits to keeping my other, older bank account open?
(ES)Buy a house or a car?
Recently sold property outside the US and acquired an estimated $178,000. Considering bringing the funds on-shore and investing locally. What would you guys recommend would be a safe place to diversify that amount into to receive a solid return?
IRAs, so I should put in 5,500 a year no matter what?
28/f - Toronto - No savings/investments so I can pay more toward student debt. Unwise? (CA)
Just graduated with enormous student debt, lucky to be entering a high paying job - how much of my excess income should I dedicate to student debt, versus buying an apartment or saving?
Should i invest college, wedding and family vacation funds?
Survey: What you do? How much you make? What is your age? and What car you drive?
Using home loan to pay off school loan?
How hard is it to build a vacation home?
Got a raise -- moving to a new apartment. How's my budget look? (CAN)
Married homeowners of PF, at what stage in your relationship did you purchase your home?
Vanguard General Savings Plan - Taxes?
Has anyone chosen to "slum it out" even when they had the means to support themselves?
Prepping for lone college move, any advice?
Just got a full time job. What car payment can I truly afford?
Should we have an r/PF glossary? What are some terms that confused you at first?
Debt that went to collections paid off in full. How long until it won't show up on my report?
I'm a Canadian working/living in the US. How does this affect investing in a Roth IRA?
What are my retirement plan options working for a mom-and-pop small business?
Just found this sub and really wanting to get into PF. One quick question came to mind. My job has job insurance, would it be best to pay the 100 a month for it or put it else where In case I was fired?
401K Loan to payoff Credit Card and Auto Loan Debt?
Best credit card for miles?
Should I drop Bank of America and switch to a different bank / credit union / online bank?
First time buying a used car in cash: should I get a preapproval anyway? US
Only two no fee, low-cost index funds available in 401(k) (VFINX &amp; VBIIX) but want to contribute full $17,500 per year- how to ensure diversification amongst international and small/mid-cap U.S. equities?
First Job After College, Should I Get a New Bank Account?
I have $15k, a student loan, and a need for a better car. What do I do?
Best PF books?
New grad starting out - am I headed in the right direction?
Division of Income?
US taxes: Excess Roth IRA contributions due to low taxable income?
Borrow more than asking price for vehicle to pay CC debt?
Help me prioritize: Pay off loans or save for a house?
Credit Cards Payment Protection Plans and Identity Theft Protections. Are they worth it?
Just started a new job, should I max out my retirement accounts?
How should I set up my 401k allotments?
Is a pension check worth it?
I need help guys. Up to what price can I buy a car and still be financially able?
How much of a 'buffer' should I keep in our checking account?
Are there any reputable settlement advance companies?
Anyone from Australia know of an app or program like mint.com in the USA?
A layoff may be in my future. What should I do?
I moved, now how do I find a reputable bank?
How much to spend on an engagement ring, and still be preparing for the future (house/townhome purchase and wedding)?
Consolidating credit card debt into one loan. Any reason not to do this?
Has the high-interest savings account ship sailed? I remember seeing 4% accounts...any chance that will ever come back?
I'm saving for a April 2016 Disney family vacation. Where should I be parking the money?
(US) When I was young I had credit taken out in my name. Now, trying to get a loan for school, I can't because of this. Can you simply explain to me how to go about disputing the debt and clearing my credit?
Employer changing retirement plan for the worse. Anything I can do?
Girlfriend's mom opened a credit card in her name. What should she do?
Time to apply for a new card... again?
529 college plans, any tips?
A year ago I opened a credit line for people with no/bad credit. I just opened a second card - should I get a third?
No Federal tax withheld?
Hi PF, I currently live with my parents, with very minimal costs. I have a plan in mind, and I don't know if it would work. Care to help?
I have a lot of scattered debt and I want to consolidate it, can someone help me with some options?
Credit Karma - is this site a legitimate source for credit information and assistance?
How do I check my credit score?
What would you do... if you were me?
Something different. How do you find a great dentist?
Little savings, good income, have to move soon. 100% Financing Mortgage?
Max out 401k or other investments?
Do Vanguard short term bonds seem like a good idea for my situation? (or, now that I've done everything PersonalFinance usually recommends, what next?)
Hey guys, I just got my first part time job at 16. Any tips as to where I should begin putting my money?
What next?
I'm having trouble getting a balance in my budget. Help?
Transferred $4000 into the wrong bank account!? (AU)
Dad giving me until the end of October to find a place to move out. Currently have ~$100, working at a restaurant my brother just opened making ~$200/week. Can anyone give me advice?
What are the financial repercussions of getting a job during college?
Why save heavily towards retirement if reverse mortgages are an option?
Landlords demand one check per month...why?
Are my stocks well allocated relative to my age?
Where do I start? What should I look into? (CA)
How can I build my credit score at 18 years old?
Trying to get an Auto Loan, anything we might be missing?
Invest into 401(k) or ESPP?
Should I take out a loan to buy a vehicle off my dad?
Question about credit-to-debt ratio and utilization?
Credit taken a hit, how to find out why?
Considering going back to school at 25. Advice?
Consolodated/Re-sold Student loans showing up on credit report twice?
What were the easiest things you did to save money?
What are the "unexpected" downsides to living without credit?
Best place to get a loan to consolidate credit debt?
Buying a house in 5 years with a VA loan, what should I do with my money until then?
Trying to move out of my house within 5 years. Is there anything that I should start doing now?
About to pay off a chunk of credit card debt. How can I use this to talk down my credit card APR rates?
Can someone explain what a mReit is and how it works?
First steps to buying a home?
Too many credit cards?
How much of an impact do excessive inquiries have on qualifying for an investment mortgage?
(CA) Applying for a second credit card. Bad idea?
Comparing RSU to Stock Options ! What are non-vested RSU worth in terms of Stock Options or Cash, or other forms of equity ?
Can I afford a mortgage?
What are lending clubs and are they any good?
Best way to trade out of a bad car with negative equity?
Best way to balance savings vs paying off loans?
[USA] Do Federal Direct Unsub Loans interest capitalize during while I'm in school (deferment)?
Credit report shows current address followed by my aunt's and grandmother's former address. I've never lived with them. What's going on here?
Best credit card for accruing airline miles?
I'm 20 and I'd like to start college, but I'm not sure if I'm able to. Advice?
Graduate student. 30K/year. Saving up for an around-the-world trip. What is the best way to go about this?
Amazing offer for a rare position that I don't really care about. Help?
Pay off debt, or continue saving?
Is there anyway to get collection removed from record?
Credit score drastic drop due to student loans...Help?
How do you guys rationalize luxuries?
How do I invest?
Does it make sense to open up a bunch of different credit cards?
At what threshold do you believe it is worth it to invest in a portfolio rather than having tenants?
Young couple windfall of approx $9,000,000. Legitimate money held in a bank account. We are in our early 20s. Help me?
Internet is too high for my budget. How do I negotiate?
When is it smart to seek help from a financial adviser?
Living in Ontario, working in Alberta. What taxes do I pay? (Canada)
Roughly $10k credit card debt, what are my best options to consolidate? Lending Tree?
Does anyone know a finance manager for a Dutch bank?
Goal for Nest Egg Completed, Now What?
Shady credit utilization advice?
Why Vangaurd?
Rent division in high income disparity relationship?
Is a debt consolidation loan ever a good idea?
Will A New CC Hurt Or Help?
Post-residency strategy? What to do with signing bonus, loan debt, mortgage debt, investing?
Why not Edward Jones?
Government Pensions: Is it worth it financially?
Settling with the original creditor?
How many ways can this go wrong...? (real estate)
What Will Happen to my Credit Score?
Credit Card Delinquency for Seven Years?
Any advice for a college student graduating in &lt;2 years?
2014 HSA Contribution - when?
How do I casually invest in stocks of companies I'm a proud patron of?
Starting a 401k when most of the funds are expensive....Index fund only?
Are landlords supposed to provide you a bill for rent?
Given the recent post and discussion on federal pensions, how much can we rely on a state pension?
Good credit card to transfer to?
Any suggestions on where to invest my 401k?
Calculating asset allocation across accounts?
1 year without an emergency fund to fund my 401k?
Does this type of Savings account exist?
At What Interest Rate Do You Choose to Invest Over Paying Off Loans?
Help with loan origination fees?
16 year old about to inherit $4,500,000. Help?
Is there any reason to get a Discover card if I already have other credit cards?
My new ISP made a hard inquiry into my credit. Anything I can do about it?
Starting a new job with a 401k, but no match, how should I save?
Cash Roth 401k or Rollover?
Any advice for my budget?
With the new health insurance coming into effect Oct 1st, what does that mean for someone who already has health insurance?
fastest way to build credit? (canada)
So I can't afford my debt anymore. What are my options?
I've been having a pretty heated discussion with my dad about Craigslist negotiating. Help?
How do taxes work?
I'm in a high tax bracket (annual income is roughly $140k). New York state. What tax-deferred accounts should I be contributing to?
Current High-Schooler here with about $1000 in a savings account right now. What can I do to make this amount grow between now and college (about 1 year off)?
I just started this new job, can ya help me with my 401k ?
College student taking in loans? (Sorry if wrong subreddit)
Home purchase: Is this reasonable?
why not overpay on everything at once?
Pay off credit cards, and put wedding stuff on credit or put money away for wedding?
What are other tax deferral options other than regular and Roth IRAs?
Already paid collections...what to do now?
Pay off debt or build emergency fund?
Recently received a settlement of $30,000.00. What's my options?
What are the hidden costs in purchasing a home?
Whole Life Policy Taxes and When to Claim?
Selling my Car might be the solution?
Which 401k option is right for me? Full list and details included. Am I in a bad target date fund?
Hey guys I'm about to start a job at the FDA in DC. Salary will be $97,333. What do you recommend in terms of initial investments/savings/ways to reduce taxes for somebody who is incredibly naive about it all. Are thrift savings plans a good start?
Should I consolidate?
I don't have an emergency fund- should I be worried?
Have 2x amount in Traditional IRA as ROTH IRA. Convert my IRA to ROTH IRA?
What credit card is right for me?
I just realized I only pay $89 of principal off my 8% $110,000 student loan a month, how do I fix this?
Can you REMOVE a cosigner from a credit card?
Cashing out on Small Roth IRA to pay off debt?
Recently got a 44% raise. How to be intelligent about this? Also, getting serious with someone financially unstable. How to be intelligent about that?
Should I cash out my old 401k to help pay off my debts?
Paying down debt: Free up more money per month or highest interest first?
When listing retirement savings amounts, are you including spouses'?
Am I in a financial position to buy a house?
Anyone subscribe to the barefoot blueprint? (AU)
Best ways to proactively fight identity theft?
How do you fund your IRA?
Training a new hire who makes more than I do. How should I handle this?
College credit cards help?
Once my credit card bills are paid off should I destroy my credit cards and never use them again ?
I can have a Roth IRA and a Roth 401K, right?
What do I look for in a credit card to avoid getting hosed?
Paying interest on student loans while in school, increase credit? (x-post from r/StudentLoans)
Most inexpensive &amp; reliable way to move money from US to international bank account?
Is retirement taxed after death?
Sudden $15k windfall, $60k student loans. What to do?
Just graduated from college and landed my first job ($56k), how can I most efficiently allocate my money to use all benefits? Help!
Bank closed secured credit card with NO warning, does anyone know why that might have happened?
Best credit card to build up some credit?
Any advice on setting rules for tapping into savings?
Whats the best way to protect your assets?
Fees in target date funds (how do they work?)
Who is the HSA administrator?
PF: what bank do you use?
What is the tax rate on distributions from a 401(k)?(US)
How does my prior rental history affect my current apartment prospects?
Getting a credit card after just getting a car loan?
My company offers 401k but does not match; contribute anyway or are there better options?
20 yr old college student with limited credit history/average credit, trying to apply for credit cards. Suggestions?
Any Australian specific personal finance subreddit?
Newbie: Can someone explain in simple terms what a vanguard is and how it works. What has been your experience with vanguard ?
Looking to do a 401(k) rollover, what are reasonable fees?
Risk of owning empty parcels of land?
How to go about a car loan that's over your head?
Credit Score showing differently to me than to Credit Union, why?
Saving aggressively, do I need a budget?
Paying down my mortgage more quickly?
Looking to manage finances myself from financial adviser. Where to start?
Is it okay to open a second credit card? 18 y/o
Possible to put money into a some sort of pension plan and still have control of it for investment purposes?
Whole Life Insurance?
Question regarding FAFSA, I am getting married, does anybody know the income limit for max aid for a married person? I don't want to screw my fiance over on aid.
Is a credit card absolutely necessary in our society?
Does a Roth 401K make sense for me?
Do I need identity theft protection?
Will have $600k in savings, what is best way to invest, while minimizing this years tax liability on 350k?
How to figure out tax implications of dialing back my 401k contributions?
22 Year Old - 3 Months into my First Job, What should I be doing with my money?
Should I max out my crappy 401k?
What are my attractive investment vehicles after 401k and IRAs are fully funded?
I'm leaving my current job for another but my old job won't let me transfer my 401k funds to my new job . They say I will get 20% tax for early withdrawal . What do I do ?
Can I withhold direct payment of college until my child graduates, and then use a 529 to pay off his student loans?
Does having credit cards but not using them hurt your score?
What is the difference between having a Vanguard brokerage account and purchasing Vanguard funds through another broker?
What are some reasons that a credit card account would be frozen?
Can I live a debt free life? - (20 yrs old Canadian)
How do I fix my poor credit? My credit is 576 - Very Poor, according to creditkarma.com
Credit Card Debt: Balance Transfer or Keep it where it is?
I am 23 years old and have a Roth IRA. My company matches 6%. Is this better than a 401k?
Keep whole life with a medical condition?
Going to start a new bank account soon. Any reason to keep the old one open?
Debt Relief Company - - Good or Bad?
Wife and are going to sit down to budget. What are some pitfalls and commonly overlooked budget items?
(CAN) Is there no such thing as a credit report purge?
Credit card # got stolen. What to do next? Does it affect my credit score?
Roth Pre-tax assets??
Quick question about credit cards. Should I open another?
I have to get a cash advance, think someone could give me some advice?
In college. Money appeared. IDKWTF I'm doing. How do I learn?
Help! I feel like I should have more money or less debt at my current income. What would you do if you were in my position?
Should I pay off my debt, even if my savings has a higher rate of return than my debt?
Minnesota,USA: Does who holds the deed to a house affect the rate at which someone else can refinance their mortgage on it? (More info inside)
r/Frugal has over 1k upvotes with this post. Is this a loss of money or not?
How do I deposit funds into another person's account affiliated with a different bank than mine?
Considering a finance plan from PC World, and have some questions? (UK)
Would it be foolish to move out of my parent's house with very little money saved?
Can someone help me understand scholarship taxability in my situation?
Just hit the big 30 with 2 Kids (Pay Mortgage or Invest)?
What's the benefit of a backdoor Roth?
How to find the owners of my student loans?
Is it a horrible idea for us to be looking for a new car right now?
Company is pushing people from Pension to 401K. Any reason not to do it?
Denied mortgage pre approval because I don't have enough trade lines?
Why do you save your receipts?
Mint still using credentials to access removed accounts?
is it ok to borrow 5 grand from a friend who wont charge interest to pay off credit card loans?
$20k in savings, should I pay off my student loans or save to travel?
Very different witholding rates between state and federal taxes?
Starting LLC, receiving donation from family for start-up costs. Is it taxable?
Get $500 bill for blood test, lab tells me it would of been cheaper had I had no insurance at all, anything I can do to reduce costs?
[Challenge] Can we make an infographic on Trad / IRA / Roth / 401k?
If my salary is higher, why is my paycheck less?
If a flat's previous tenants built up personal debt is the debt tied to the property or the person after they vacate? And what impact does it have on the new tenants? (UK)
Choosing an auto loan for a used car by private party?
Is it worth getting a credit card if I have low income?
Paychecks being docked due to signing bonus, can't pay rent, what to do?
How much is part time work taxed?
How to save for retirement as a contract worker?
"Backdoor" Roth 401(k) via after-tax 401(k) contributions?
Have a store credit card that I got 18-24 months ago. How do I go about closing it/Will it hurt my credit score?
Co signers and how big of a deal are they? (US)
How to fit in a vacation?
Let the Lump Sum Grow or Continue Retirement Investing?
Should an HSA be my next step?
Withdrawing from 401k to avoid more grad student loans?
Is it possible to roll over a 457 plan to somewhere on a regular basis?
Everyone is always talking about retirement saving, but what is the most advantageous way to save for making a large purchase years from now?
Screwed up my credit and fixing it NOW. I'm 20 years old, what am I facing here?
Rental property: sell or keep? I'm at the 3-yr point since I moved out. Time for me to make a decision, could use some help!
How much car can I afford?
Need to get a new credit card. Recommendations?
30/married/no savings. We should be debt free in 10 months. What next?
10% downpayment good enough for a house?
Please help, looking for advice. I am a college student and just got my financial aid check for nearly $3,000. What do I do with it? More info in comments.
Discover It sent to wrong address - not my fault - help?
16 with $7k in savings, what should I do?
Silver - Why all the hate?
Help financially illiterate guy with budget?
has anyone ever had a refund on a credit card?
Is it always wise to fund 401k after an IRA?
What's the difference between Roth and 401(k) after-tax contributions? (US)
I'm running out of money and need to pay off a student loan using 401k and Roth IRA money. How should I do it?
Is Consolidating School Loans a Good Idea?
What to do? Looking for advice to put myself back on track.
Just adopted an african american infant, adoption cost $30k. I have heard about grants or ways that will help with the costs. Anyone know a good amount about this stuff?
Cash out IRA to pay off debt?
Contributing monthly from checking account to Traditional IRA... Is it getting double taxed?
401k Allocation - Roth,Trad or Split?
Fund TSP past match or put additional funding into another account?
Am I wrong about retirement?
Does building credit in another country carry over to my credit here in the states?
Favorite money management apps?
Best PF news sites/blogs?
Pay off last 1% of student loan?
What do you think?
24 Year Old, Lived abroad since I was 9. I never filed my taxes... Is this going to bite me in the ass?
Should I buy vacant property as an investment?
Max out retirement accounts or save to buy a house in cash?
Which banks offer sub-accounts ?
Currently paying Private Sallie Mae Student Loan (Signature Student Loan) and Direct Subsidized Stafford Loan about to go to Med. School with more debit. What can I do prepare?
Good account for emergency fund?
3 CCs, Cancel 1?
Opening Roth IRA for husband and myself, what to put in it?
Should I cash out my Savings Bonds early to pay down my debt?
fiance is independent student, can i still claim her as a dependent on taxes?
Pay off mortgage?
Pay Off Credit Card Debt on Interest-Free Account Now or Invest and Pay Off Later?
Why is gross income used to determine total value, but expenses are all after taxes?
Company offers 401k but no matching. Best retirement approach?
A bit of a financial snafu, any advice and or solutions reddit?
Student Loan Rehab Program. Should I?
Lost Mom to cancer left with ~40k. 3rd year university student with loans. What should I do with it?
Someone stole my info, racked up a bunch of debt with Verizon and now my credit report is screwed. What do I do?
Does referring somebody to a credit card through a referral program impact my credit score?
Company changing 401k at end of year. Can I roll my existing balance into a Roth IRA?
Help me out guys...please? Free e-high fives to all who do!
What percentage of salary do you contribute to 401(k) / 403(b)? What is the match?
My uncle is taking advantage of my confused grandma. What can we do to stop him?
If I add my spouse as an authorized user on my credit card, will it affect my/her credit?
In my early 20's and looking to open up a Roth IRA. Does it matter where I open it at? Are there fees I should be wary of?
Where should I do now, exactly?
Getting a home loan like a car loan?
Student looking to start using a credit card... any advice?
Processing fee for chargeback request?
Is there a good rule of thumb for student loans versus expected salary?
Just got my bonus check, and was looking at my taxes and now I'm concerned my federal withholding has been too low, I'm worried about owing a lot come tax time. Advice please?
About to change jobs and be ineligible for 401K for a year. What to do?
What to look for when choosing a job?
Tax Return for higher tax bracket but only working half the year?
I was recently removed from a maxed out credit card with a few delinquent payments. Will this affect my credit forever?
Is this illegal? (Credit Card Balance Transfers)
Credit card transferred during bank acquisition, how do I have account length not be affected?
What happens after you pay off a debt that's in collection?
What should I do with a bit of extra income this month?
What's the best way to save for a major medical expense 5-10 years out?
Need a higher credit limit - best way to go about it?
Should I sell my rental property?
Critique for a grad student's budget?
Should I start investing now or pay off my loans?
Good computer programs/apps to keep track of budgeting?
Apparently our roommate didn't set up a utility service before we moved into an our apartment. It's been almost 2 months now. What will happen?
Can someone explain to be a regular 401k vs a roth 401k and how that affects my paycheck?
Does it make sense to consider my house as a potential retirement asset?
New job: No 401k, generous SEP. How best to save for retirement with this setup?
Should I get rid of credit card debt at all costs, even if it means dipping into savings?
I found $2,100, where should I put it?
How many credit cards is too many?
How to prevent someone from filing taxes electronically on your behalf? [Oregon]
Should I buy a house or should I pay a rent? (read inside for further explanation)
What about investment opportunities in Australia?
Should I pull out a bit more of my Subsidized Loan to pay off credit card debt?
Any reading suggestions for someone newly interested in personal finance?
How have you determined the level of risk you prefer?
"Dotted line" manager - should I ask for a raise?
I am about to start a new higher paying job, and I am recently married. How in the hell do I figure out how to fill out the W4 for both my wife and me?
Can we get the debt reduction links in the side bar for snowballing and others that get regularly mentioned?
Float on CC to pay off debt?
Does anyone know of any interest earning funds that would allow me to partition money for specific long term goals?
How to pick a financial planner?
What is my legal address?
Question about taxes by end of the year?
403b all set up, should I create a Vanguard Target Fund?
What happens of you pay off the max credit amount of your card every month?
How does FDIC insured (high yield) account work?
2 Years into a large inheritance. Am I doing this right?
Should I get a credit card to make online purchases?
Want to help my parents and also invest at the same time. Should I buy a house?
Do you ever have months of bad planning?
Best 529 for Ohio?
Any reliable credit counseling agencies online? Any credit advice? Give me your 2 cents. I'd love to hear it.
401k fraudulently withdrawn. Help?
Experiences with USAA?
20 Years Old. Can you guys help me out on finances- credit, college loans, and so on?
My Mother wants 4K to forgive all of the money my Wife and I owe her. I'm afraid it will be bad for her in the long run. Advice?
I'm a student in need of student loans, any advice on the do's and don'ts of taking out student loans?
Thinking of getting a new credit card - good idea?
I'm a first year college student and was wondering what financial aid and/or loans you would recommend?
Does my school owe me more money from my FAFSA/PELL grants/awards? [X-POST from r/cuny]
Unused debit card info stolen - how did they get it?
Should I rollover $750 from my old job 401k?
I am a student going to school on my own dime, and my loans + grants aren't enough, what do I do?
Family budgeting app that syncs??
What should I do with my old 401(k)?
I'm 28, own a house that's building equity and has 36k in student loans. Wants to be debt free to Live off the land on a homestead in NH by age 40. AM I NUTS?!
Pay off student loans or save?
Starting an emergency fund - recommendations on setting up a savings account?
I want to start saving 20 dollars each week, Where should i put it?
Borrowing against 401k to flush CC debt?
Money Market For Emergency fund? Good idea/ bad idea?
If the age of your accounts is taken as an average, will closing your newest account improve your credit score?
Please help me rearrange my finance? I like to be more efficient
Didn't file capital losses and dividends previous years, what do I have to do to make this right?
Just made my last payment on my truck. Should I drop my insurance from full coverage?
Can a vet with terrible credit but stable income buy a house?
Employer pays all 401k fees. Should I still only do the match?
Leasing special offers question?
if an item is removed from one credit bureau, will it automatically be removed from the others?
Former employer was bought out, how will I get my ESPP money?
If I get an offer to close my credit card for less than what's due - does it affect my credit score?
What do you do with your change if you only use online banking?
Move 403b from AXA Advisors to Vanguard?
Just transferred all my securities to Fidelity. I have no purchase data for them. Did I just screw myself over come tax time?
Low interest loan to pay off high interest credit cards?
How to start with investments?
(22, U.S) I have 270k and I would like to invest in something that will pay dividends or interest to help offset my monthly expenses. I would also like to take a chance on some capital appreciation. Advice?
Thoughts on a VA refi? (refi of a 1st and a construction) any other ideas?
Good chance I'm getting laid off, what to do about my car/loan?
529 plans: active or passive?
I'm saving money and would like to make a separate account to put it in. Which is better; Checking or Savings Account?
I make a lot of money. What should I do with it?
How do you differentiate between bars and eating out?
Any input from people temporarily working (let say 5-10 years) in US? How to you handle 401k or excess money? What financial products do you use?
Finally, at 26 years old I'm trying to take control of my mess of my finances. Here's my plan... am I doing this right?
Transferring large amount of money from "Managed Fund" to Vanguard. Taxes?
Large cash gift from parents - what to do? (x-post to realestate)
Closing a Refinance with BOA - When Can We Spend Our Money?
Should I keep LendingClub or close it out this year?
My company does not match 401k contributions, what do I do?
Question - what is my 401k costing me?
25 yo, $75K/yr, looking to open a Roth IRA - USAA, Navy Federal or...Vanguard?
403b leftover from previous job(s)?
I make 75k a year, but only take home 1800 dollars every other week. This can't be right?
Making 10/hr, 47,000 in debt, cant find a job in my field with a ton of expenses, any help?
Bank Americard Cash Rewards: Yes/No?
I want to start a retirement account. What is the best type of plan/account for me?
How do I increase my financial discipline?
What was the biggest financial mistake you've ever made?
27 - US and trying to pretend to be an adult. I'm somewhat diversified, and got lucky selling my house not too long ago, now what?
What are your experiences with credit counseling?
20 year old student with more money than I know what to do with. What would you do?
Will filing for bankruptcy cause problems for pulling out a small business loan 5-7 years from now?
Do I really need this life insurance?
(EU) Bank representative suggested funds instead of savings account. Good idea?
Setting Up A Will - Am I Doing This Right?
New job possibility, looking to buy sub-100k home. Am I right?
Any benefit to extra mortgage payments if you plan on selling in the next 2-3 years?
A third party is offering to pay off my student loans. Is there anything I should be aware of?
Surprise Medical bill in collections, how do I proceed?
Should I auto-sell my Employee Stock Purchase, or keep it?
Bonus coming, possibly withholding too much, W-4 changes?
How does rebalancing your investments work? Or simply, how should I rebalance?
Did I make a mistake buying into a bond fund? (follow-up)
Want to start becoming more knowledgeable about companies based off of research reports. Best place to start?
How long did it take you to save your emergency fund?
US Airways Card?
Need a hand with some credit card slight-of-hand (oops - "points"). Can it really be this bad?
First time buying a condo, dual income, is this a bad idea?
Paying off credit card debt with student loans?
How to manage stocks with potentially looming (US) gov't shutdown?
Dual creditor's calling about same account????
Best software for keeping up with donations/expenses for non-profit organization?
Has any ever tried to make changes to a bank account on the phone and had similar things happen? Mines TD Bank in Canada. (Details inside)
Is a credit card balance transfer the same as a "purchase?"
Is it possible / how much can I write off for Goodwill donations as a recent college graduate who is renting?
Anything I can do to get in state tuition as a transfer student?
Do company credit card rewards count as income?
Can someone help me with this? I'm trying to set up a spreadsheet that I can use to calibrate my monthly savings for retirement.
Does anybody know what a doctor/dentist pays CareCredit to originate credit?
moving funds from cad to usd. wait for usd to drop in value?
Why is it bad to invest in the company you work for?
Using a Roth instead of a 529?
How early can I contribute to my IRA for 2014?
Buy with cash or borrow for a better home?
Which account to use for investing?
Put 100% of retirement into same Target Fund???
How am I doing and what can I do better?
How can I improve from what I am doing ?
Why is it assumed spending will be lower in retirement?
What to do with house savings in the mean time?
Is this checking/saving account worth getting?
I want to start paying my debt collections. How do I start? PLEASE HELP! =) Thanks
What percentage should I be saving?
Can I contribute to a rolled over IRA?
Closing NEWEST credit card?
can you clear negative debt through negotiation with creditor?
Please help settle a credit score argument: Carry a small balance on your credit card, or pay it off every month?
Switching from a traditional 401k to a Roth; what happens to my contributions to date?
What to do with 6k savings in 1-2 years time?
So a cell phone company wants a property easement to access the desired site for the tower. Is this money in the bank or just some paper work they are going to force me to sign?
How bad will applying for multiple credit cards over the past year and a half hurt my credit score?
Graduated and starting a new job with a simple IRA plan offer and need some help with long term planning (Should I do lump sum with one pay check?)
How much do I save for every extra dollar a pay monthly towards my mortgage?
Another house question - what are some reasons I should buy even though financially it doesn't make sense?
Paper Disney Shares - What should I do with these?
Can anyone share some social security knowledge?
Just a quick question...can I buy Vanguard funds without a vanguard account?
[xpost] My employer just gave me a bonus in RSU. What?
Should I contest this debt? Or where should I go from here?
How quickly should I pay off my college loans?
Which debt should I pay off???
Is there a portfolio tracker software or online that can calculate an "effective return"? [x-post /r/PersonalFinanceCanada]
I want to move out, but ... student loans?
Is this adventure feasible or foolish?
Stocks vs bonds vs something else?
What are your thoughts on this Index Universal Life ?
How do i decide what to do from here ?
Has anybody worked with Certified Financial Planners?
Defaulted Student Loans on credit report...Is there a way to get a mortgage before the 7 yrs it takes to drop off my report?
I'm a 20 y/o college sophomore who has saved little by little for the past year or so. I now have $1000 extra dollars that I want to use as wisely as possible. What should I do with it?
When it is better to use my investments to pay off my student loans?
What strategy do you follow with respect to ESPP?
When withdrawing your 401k early do you need to save an additional 10% for taxes, after already being taxed nearly 40% when you withdrew?
Is there anyway I can relieve my parents' liability as cosigners to my student loans?
What's next for us?
Unemployed/disabled and $28,000 air ambulance bill. Bankruptcy? :(
How Do I Get Educated To Make Solid 401k Decisions?
To make larger credit card payments or not?
My partner is a cash hoarder instead of putting money to work for himself/us for the long term. Explaining he has too much cash in a bank "doing nothing", doesn't seem to help. Any tips of helping him to see the value of compounding interest and helping him to understand how much money he has?
Is foreclosure the best idea?
Should I buy a house?
Better way to save for a house?
Should I use ING as my primary savings?
How do I get in a position to sell my car? Moved to a new state, car is in storage in another state, unable to figure out first step.
Best way to pay off Student Loans?
Collections Charge-off dispute?
What does the term "life savings" mean to you and do you have one?
Financial gift to a baby? How?
Out of college, just got my first real job. Where do I begin?
How do I get the best deal on car insurance?
What is the cut off date for the 401k and Roth IRA to max out my contribution?
Pay and Dispute Parking Tickets. Effective? Will result in collections attempts?
Should I move? Physician here.
First time investor looking to buy VFINX (Vanguard general 500 index fund.) Going to go 60/40 Roth/Savings. Sound about okay?
If I dispute a charge on my debit card, and it is successful, what happens if the company still reports me to collections and the credit bureaus?(CA)
Where does your money go?
Collection account not marked paid as full as agreed. PIF on 3/4/2013. What can I do?
With Best Buys recent change from CapOne to Citi, will this affect credit score?
(UK) Considering moving to the US and buying a house. How to build credit?
Gf had money wired to the wrong account no. Noticed a week later. What do we do?
[CA] How do I rebuild my credit after getting an R9 on my credit profile?
How many premium bankcards, 10k+ limit, do you need for transunion purposes?
Putting entire paycheck towards credit card debt and using credit card instead of cash/debit?
Having multiple CCs open (Churning). How can I minimize affecting my credit score?
Where should I park my money? (Citibank, Ally, RCA like GLCU?)
I need suggestions on an app that will let me track TSP funds and not just stocks. Any ideas?
Once I hit 401k matching, cap out my IRA's, what should I do?
What's the biggest personal finance mistake you've ever made?
What are the best high yield savings account out there?
Questions about financial planning, specifically Northwestern Financial. What's the good, the bad, and the ugly?
Does it make a tax difference if the spouse with the higher salary contributes a higher percentage to 401k?
Annual 401(k) contribution limit - from when to when?
Live in canada, make money in US and Canada. Diversify my investments across the borders? (xpost)
What's a good rule of thumb for maximum checking balance vs putting into savings?
Benefits of Married Filing Jointly vs. Separately?
Pay off auto loan or student loans first?
Can someone explain to me the relationship between debt &amp; credit?
[24/M/USA] I'm looking to open a credit card, just for the rewards (miles and/or cash back). What's everyone's experience with this and what do you think is the best one?
Looking for the least bad option... what should I put my SEP IRA into?
Forum for dealing with debt?
Young with Significant Capital, How Should I Invest?
[US]Ever heard of this separate day deal for closing/2nd mortgage?
Linking bank accounts from within apps safe?
Payroll lagging with my 401k deposits... Options?
What to do about credit debt while I finish school with no stipend?
Which bank of America card should I get?
401(k) Vesting: Once time only or per contribution?
How to repair credit score? Secured credit card? American living abroad.
Best money making tips / ways to get independent for College students?
What percent of my income should I set aside to pay for taxes if hired as an independent contractor?
How do you account for taxes after using the 4% rule?
Change credit card limits prior to applying for mortgage?
What should my charitable giving plan look like?
Paying student loans with a credit card for the points?
$25k capital loss 5 years ago. Can I still take advantage of it or is it too late?
How to invest $300K+ for a short time with bank?
I'm a 22 year old and my credit score is 490. Help?
Student Loans - Is it better to pay off a high interest low balance first? Or attack the high interest high balance?
Not Eligible for Roth IRA, now what?
How do I recover from identity theft?
Between 2 credit cards, a car and a personal loan I'm about $14,000 in debt, paying $500 a month What are my options as far a lowering my monthly payments?
What is the best way to move forward? (18 years old, no debt, stable job)
Contribute to 403(b) or mutual fund?
Is there a subreddit for student loans specifically?
Wannabe homeowner here, what non-obvious things to get best deal on mortgage?
Are Vanguard ETFs a good option? More specifically the 1/3 bond, 1/3 US stock and 1/3 international "lazy portfolio"?
Canadian Advice?
I Have a Credit Score of 748; What Does that Mean?
Could someone help me understand the interest payments here?
How do I save for a MBA starting in 2-3 years?
I am a 25 year old man with a credit score of ~620 and a steady job. Where do I go from here?
no debt, paid off mortgage. how do I invest in the future?
One of my cards has an annual fee. Close it?
Any downside to investing in international Stock so late in the year?
Help with insurance payout please?
Pay off student loans for peace of mind?
36M. Do I really need to buy a house?
Trying to conduct mean-variance portfolio optimization and need some help. Should I be using a correllation matrix or a sample covariance matrix?
[NL] I've taken a gap year to work 34 hours a week, should I invest?
Is your emergency fund your savings account or do you actually have a separate account?
How should I invest my contributions on the Fidelity website for my 401k plan?
Applied for a credit card for students with appealing rewards program. Not a student. Advice?
I'm making some spare money during my student loan grace period. What to do with it?
Could any Redditors provide an example of when they're emergency savings account came in handy or saved them in some way?
26, Overpaid for Degree w Student Loans. Considering Military. Am I thinking properly?
How stupid is it for a 19 year old kid to buy a condo?
Getting remarried - advice on mingling finances?
Signed up for a "rewards card" to save some money on a trip to buy new clothing. It was actually a credit card... Will this hurt me?
SIMPLE IRA w/ Edward Jones. How do I invest it?
Freaking out about a big auto purchase, how do I get myself to go through with it even after planning for it financially?
My parents are struggling to pay for my elderly grandmother to stay in an assisted living home, and pay their own bills. Advice?
How can I raise my Transunion credit score?
If you received a gift of $1,500 cash --- what is the best way to invest it?
Has anyone had any experience using Ecredible as an alternative credit reporting source?
How do you negotiate the best price on a car?
Is there any way to revert Roth 401k contributions to traditional? Special circumstances apply.
Is there any negative side effects to disputing factual reports on Credit Report?
Forgot Store Credit Card - Enter SSN (Credit Score Hit?)
Buying a car, great credit, steady income, leaving country in approx 3 years. Buy or lease?
Someone put a small direct deposit into my checking account, no idea why...?
Should I take out student loans so I can pay off credit cards quicker?
best dividends for $13k investment?
Did I find a loophole for free money? Help me find why this won't work...
Considering taking out student loans for a $50,000 Master's degree, but how much?
In what sense is a recommended asset mix ideal?
Why might a company stipulate a minimum investment amount in an IPO?
Owning actual bonds instead of bond funds? Which is better and how do I do it?
Should I invest in smart beta funds?
What can I do to be more on track with my finances?
Forgot to change addresses with bank/credit card company?
How should I invest my "rent?"
What is the right 'trigger' to look at refinancing your mortgage?
Go to school full time?
Skyrocketing stock options. Will my strategy work?
$40K in a savings account. Any ideas?
Any advice to a student thinking about getting a credit card?
what specific emotions and mindsets have helped you make the best financial decisions?
For those who are futher along in their Personal Finance goals...When do you stop?
Calculate daily interest that's added to a loan in Excel?
What's the best cash back credit card out now? (Visa/MC only, no annual fee)
I'm looking at buying a new car, can I afford it?
Should I hire a financial advisor?
I'm a recent college grad working my first real job. How should I invest?
Front-loading a 401(k)?
Mom wrecked my credit. How do I fix it?
I think I'm doing pretty well here. Am I missing anything here?
How and when can you justify going/paying for vacation?
Poland just seized private retirement funds to reduce its national debt. Is there a risk of this happening in the United States?
When to buy options offered to me from the private company for whom I work?
Which is the best pre-paid cell phone provider?
What's a reasonable amount to save for baby planning?
Are these fees eating up my employers match? SIMPLE IRA/Variable Annuity
Using portion of 401k for down payment on house?
[US] Is it better to let BF[36M] default on CC debt?
Anyone have thoughts on Long Term Care Insurance?
Should I be concerned about my investments with the possibility of a government shutdown?
Salary needed to support a family of 4?
What is the Mortgage Interest Deduction Worth?
Regular 401k, Roth 401k or both?
Current Grad Student, Parent's offering to jump start retirement savings by matching my contributions. What programs are available to me?
Mid-20s/no debt. Have about $150k in a CD. What would be a better use for it?
My company is offering a 2 plan health insurance program for 2014, one is a similar PPO and the other an HSA. Can someone explain the ups/downs of these options like I am 5yrs. Old?
Tax Deductions on a NY 529 - do I have this right?
How does a stock split effect vested and unvested stock grants?
Recently won $200,000 playing blackjack. Age 23. Now what?
Russell 2000?
Random bank charge from Epoch.com?
What credit card should i get? Please help!
Should I apply for a credit card?
Insurance without a car... A good idea? What's the difference between continuity of coverage and coverage tenure? (CA)
Any Private Student Loan Advice/Tricks/etc?
Interest rates are hiking - is it going to sink us? (30m+32f,NZ)
What should I know as a first time home buyer?
What credit card would you recommend?
I'm going to be coming into a fair bit of money ($50k +) in the next couple of months and I have a lot of options. PF--Give me a few directions (or one?) to go forward intelligently.
College guy buying a sportsbike - what risks do I run?
Consolidation, then PAYE + PSLF: Success? Critique my plan, please
What happens to an underwater house when parents die? (California)
About to enter high-income profession. No idea what I'm doing. Where to start?
Are there any good resources to look into when buying a house with someone who isn't a spouse?
Any avalanche method success stories?
Should I contribute to my 401k if my only goal is to roll it over into an IRA?
Mid-20s and recently introduced to the idea of PF by my church, through a Dave Ramsey class. What are your thoughts on his strategies?
Investment Question - Leave IRA alone?
Importance of ETF base currency?
I'm receiving a civil settlement. Take it in installments or lump sum? (US)
Which Vanguard fund is right for me?
Thinking about looking for someone to pay off my student loans in exchange for me paying them over that time period instead. Bad idea?
Fiance wants to payoff my student loans all at once. Is this a good idea?
Best use of excess income?
Reconsolidating student loans through a credit union?
Is it safe to go over FDIC insured amount for a few weeks?
Student loans in forbearance: Pay interest on all loans + some OR avalanche? (no minimum payment while in forbearance)
Which issuers of secured credit cards report them to the credit reporting agencies as just credit cards, not as secured cards?
An organization (Omaze) charged me $490 for a $20 donation I tried to make to a charity. Is it possible to do a partial chargeback?
Bank APY rates suck, where to save money??
2-year business owner here; I've never looked into a Roth IRA and have no idea what is or how to wisely invest/save my cash sitting at home. ELI5?
How much is too much for auto related expenses?
Ally Bank Users What Are Your Experiences?
Dave Ramsey's daughter Rachel Cruze, wrote a smart article aimed at 20-somethings PF. Do you agree with her ideas (I don't on the credit issue)? Initial reddit post can be found here: http://bit.ly/1h1ssah
What are some reliable websites to find homes/condos/townhomes for rent?
Is there a way to invest ~$10K but be able to retrieve the funds at will?
Tomorrow I will be 100% debt-free. So why am I worried?
I have 8k; Should I pay off my car or start a Roth IRA &amp; put some towards college loans??
TD Ameritrade or Fidelity?
What is the best option for long term success in the crazy system we're dealing with?
16k of creditcard debt @ high interest. Should I take a 4.25% 401k loan?
What should i do about a mixed up interest rate?
I Am [14m], Can Someone Give Me Advice/Point Me To The Right Direction?
By 43 yrs old, where should I be in terms of retirement, college savings, and personal savings?
Capitalone 360 pulled credit report... How will this affect my score?
Process and requirements for filing bankruptcy?
Can someone talk me into an IRA?
20K to invest for 1.5-2 years, what are my best options?
If I'm satisfied with a credit union, do I need a bank?
Thought on buying Gold?
I'm soon to receive a reasonable inheritance package. I feel too young to buy, but is that my best choice in terms of investment?
Where to keep Emergency Fund?
Best strategy for paying off CC debt? Should I consider consolidation? Would like some advice/ideas!
How do I help plan for my parents future nursing home needs?
Possible for US citizens to get a chip and pin card yet?
I am a West Point Cadet that is about to get a career startup loan, what should I do with it?
Should I drop out of college?
Auto Insurance, Full Coverage?
Pay Off Debt or Invest or Both?
Paying off student loan in one or two lump sums? Good or bad idea?
smartest way to pay down credit cards with $5k lump sum?
Do I have to lose or quit my job to rollover a 401k to an IRA?
Just got laid off. Should I pay off my car loan or keep making payments?
Opening my first bank account ever. Anybody use Ally Bank or any other online banks?
Auto Insurance - Am I properly Covered? I don't want to spend unnecessary money. Trying to trim my monthly expenses.
Typical house closing costs? Is this a rip-off?
IRS debt and other debt, which should I pay first? I need a strategy.
Investing in a new local gold exchange. How should I work out the bond so I don't get fucked?
Recent Grad, 24 years old, first job, Could I please get some advice on 401k allocations?
US hospital is mailing me two different bills for ER visit. What should I do?
I've put together a list of used Acura TL's that I am getting to buy along with their year, mileage and price. How do I determine I will get the best bang for my buck?
What do you recommend to protect against identity theft?
Is there any way/tools to calculate my 2014 tax return?
Is there a way to move money out of a 401(k) without penalty and without leaving the employer?
Fidelity cash management account. Good idea?
Need to make a decision on an apartment to move in tomorrow. Help?
Maybe buying a first house — lots of questions; where do I start?
Is it better to throw a large lump sum at a car payment or pay it off over time?
I overpaid for my vehicle, and am thinking of cutting my losses and trading in my car for a newer (but used) truck. Any advice?
Is my yearly review a good time to ask for a raise?
How many bank accounts do you have?
Can you get out from under a new car without having to pay yourself?
How much should I have in my emergency savings fund giving my situation? + general finance (AUS)
Opportunity to upgrade living arrangements, should I?
SEP-IRA manager said I can invest in "Any C-Share that exists." Ugh. What's my best option?
Too many credit card applications?
IRA Inheritance of 85k - Doing the right thing?
PF, have a good salary and savings but need financial advice (what I should do to invest my liquid assets instead of it just sitting and diluting due to inflation)?
How exactly do you swing buying a car moneywise?
Currently rent a condo with a nicer condo for sale just across the street, is my idea too crazy??
Is my student loan provider being shady?
Negotiating benefits: At what point is it acceptable or reasonable to expect more vacation?
Balance affecting credit score?
What to do with excess savings?
In order for me to put my girl friend (who lives with me) on my health insurance for free, she has to be my dependant on my taxes. What does it mean to have someone as your dependant?
Does employer contributions to HSA reduce the maximum I can contribute?
Credit score of 760, but considered "Fragile Credit?"
Roth IRA versus traditional IRA for a future high earner?
Saving for Retirement or Paying off 30k in credit card debt?
What to do with an extra $3k a year?
Bought a house, and now people are trying to pay me for oil and gas royalties. Advice?
How can my mother start over?
Temp to Permanent Position Change- Salary change advise?
Need help deciding if I should work part time or focus on school? (What is the best financial decision?)
I'm a recent college grad in SC looking to open a checking account and was wondering what the best financial institution to look into would be?
Looking to start using a Credit Card and paying off monthly for the rewards...Any suggestions?
Starting a job as a contractor, how do I account for how much I need to set aside for taxes, and any other considerations?
How do I cancel a check?
Can someone please explain how State institutions can legally force you into a retirement fund? options?
Collections notice for a debt I paid 12+ months ago. What steps do I need to take?
CapitalOne checking with reward miles?
Aggressively pay off student loans (ASAP) or just pay over the minimum amount? Saved up ~$20k over the past year and not sure what to do with it. Perhaps a dumb question, but I've received different advice from diff people....
Started a 457 account, with some PF guidance, was this a wise set-up?
Looking for peoples experiences with stock dividends after investing over time with a normal salary- What is your timeframe? Do you have enough to partly live off or atleast enough for spending money?
Sold Commercial Property as LLC in Florida - Tax Liability??
what is the right move?
Roth IRA, advice on mutual funds?
Is this realistic?
Is the 2014 Individual Mandate penalty for not having health insurance prorated?
First time with collections/Verifying this company actually owns the debt (and other question)?
"Friend" charged bar tab to my debit card, forged my signature. How to dispute?
Parent PLUS loan at 7.9%, can I reduce my interest rate?
What should I do with this Life Insurance my wife had opened when she was a kid?
I've accumulated a few bankers boxes of old bank statements, credit card statements, bills, etc. They are 10+ years old. How should I destroy them?
Student Loan Holders don't have my proper finish date, should I tell them?
Salary and health insurance has no taxes taken out. How do I prepare?
Recently laid off with about $14k in 401k. What to do with 401k is the question? Thinking of withdrawing it and take the penalty or....
Is there a budgeting tool that combines the best of Mint and YNAB?
So, let's talk about Yodlee... Has anyone ever figured out a way to export aggregate data from it using an OFX or QIF file (not .CSV)?
Raise limit on a card I just paid off?
Should I get pet health insurance for my cat?
I have no debt. Savings rates, etc are very low, my sister has debt she's paying +/-7% on. Is there any reason I shouldn't invest my +/-$20k savings paying off some of her debt and splitting the difference of the interest with her?
What do I do with my 401k?
Embarrassingly low credit limit. Debt Free. 24yo. What can I do?
Different loan amounts, same interest rate. Does it matter which I pay off first?
Never got a bill from doctor now I'm in collections! What should I do?
Commuting college student paying $300+/mo on gas. What should I do, if anything?
End of Year Goals - Are You On Track?
Expecting a bonus in the 8k-12k range soon. What should it go towards, student loan, credit cards, my car, or all the above?
I am receiving $200,000 in 2.5 years. What should I do with it? (AU)
(XPost AskReddit)What Is The Simplest Advice You Can Give Someone Terrible At Saving Money?
Joining the military, new to personal finance. Suggestions?
Where is a good place to get a free credit report? Are the advertised sites legitimate?
Should I pay off my credit card debt all at once, or in installments?
Budgeting Methods &amp; Styles? (I'm a budget newb)
What is the best cash reward credit card for a person of average credit?
Best place to invest?
How much money would I need to save/invest to retire and make 20k a year on interest?
Default Fidelity Roth IRA "Core Account" Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX) is a rip off?
Will consolidating two credit cards with no change in total available hurt my FICO score?
Late on saving for college. Where do I start?
23 years old, just got my first full-time, decent pay job. Company doesn't match 401k contributions. Should I open an IRA, or stick with company 401k?
Tips on how to protect your mortgage from unscrupulous bank practices?
How do coupons and discounts fit into your financial planning goals?
I have maybe $40 a month to spare at the moment and my options are a traditional, MMSA, and Roth IRA. Which is the best for low contributions?
What do I do now?
YNAB Users...how often do you import bank statements?
Will probably need to take out some student loans in the coming month, where do I start?
I just got a $200k windfall and I want to invest it wisely. What should I do?
25 years old and never had a budget, what would you suggest for me to do?
Young professional making real money for the first time, goal is to bank $100K, is my plan(enclosed) reasonable?
401k Allocation -- Am I putting too much in?
20 years old, 22k/yr, college next year, would it be wise to move out?
What should I do with my extra income? I am 25, just bought a house (so my savings need to be rebuilt) and make about $2,000 extra a month after expenses.
Understanding the YNAB buffer...why "not" allocate your money?
I'd like to send someone $9500 as a loan. Are there limits or restrictions on how I can legally do so? Does sending this much money raise flags? Am I supposed to report something? Thanks!
A few different debts--what to tackle first?
What should I do?
Judge my budget? Care to give some advice.
My car insurance rate just increased by more than double. What can I do?
If you had a Decision to live in nice house and live on a very average wage or buy 4 one bed apartments - Live in one, let others and enjoy a double income.. Which would you choose?
I have $2000. How can I realistically make this money grow?
Help choosing 401k funds?
Does a business have to use a business bank account or can it use a "personal" separate, shared bank account? (UK)
Spare rooms in my house. Problems with renting to friends?
Do I qualify for a Roth IRA?
How do I track my 401k's performance without going to fidelity's website?
Single shareholder/employee of S-corp here. Healthcare tax question: Should the corporation setup an offer me a HDHP (high deductible healthcare plan) or should I as the employee do it personally and then have the corporation reimburse my premiums?
How do you manage your technology purchases?
Wife wants to go back to school, can we afford it? (US)
Need Advice: In debt with several banks, can't open account with new bank, big check coming soon (direct deposit). Where do I put my money in order to pay all debts?
Do employers benefit from contributing to 401k's?
Im broke and thinking of opening a credit card to get money for job hunting clothes. Is this a good idea?
What do you do when you hit a career/salary plateau?
Could someone please help me interpret this money market account incentive from Commerce Bank?
I am a new teacher, and I want to get my first credit card, what do I need to know or do? Thanks!
Low-balled salary... Ways to negotiate?
Thinking of buying out my lease in order to trade-in to a significantly cheaper and more practical car. What am I missing?
Is there penalty for paying off your auto loan too quickly?
Credit card APR just went up from 25% to 30%; Why?
Need a new brokerage account in a hurry! Suggestions?
How do you determine a reasonable starting salary given variables like location and company reputation?
When should/could I apply for one of those airline cards with 50,000 free miles?
Buying a house with girlfriend, any last minute advice?
I'm allowed to pay only toward principal on a student loan (after my monthly payment), right?
Just starting first job out of college - where to invest?
I am currently underpaid, how do I go about asking for more money?
Should I use the dependent daycare FSA offered by my employer or just get the tax credit at the end of the fiscal year?
Should I adjust my 401(k) in order to start an emergency fund?
Has anyone had this happen to them with a credit card?
What sort of Employer Contribution do you have to get to make a HDHP with a HSA worth doing?
How do you work with a SO who doesn't care about PF?
"No credit reported" despite having a credit card?
Is my emergency fund too big? Not humblebragging
$32k annual salary (before taxes). $91,863.64 Student Loan Debt. What are my options?
Better to pay off debt aggressively or save for emergency?
New graduate, Potentially looking to take out a loan while I look for work. Your thoughts?
Questions about managing multiple savings accounts. Should I even bother?
Should I keep my car loan around in favor of credit history?
Using a line of credit to pay off credit card?
Back to school or work? (CA)
Should I sell my car that is paid for?
Hypothetically, if I had 1k and wanted to invest in education fund for newborn, where to start?
I'm torn, invest in retirement, or save up for a house?
Can I move Vanguard Roth IRA to 401k?
How much will cancelling my credit card, to open another hurt my credit rating? Details inside.
Hey /r/pf, what do you do to generate income on the side?
Should I put myself into debt and go back to school or just try my luck in the job market?
Just graduated last semester, how am I doing?
What's better for a teenager, buying straight out or making payments for first car?
Starting my first job with a real salary...anyone have any tips of good places to go to for financial planning advice?
Pay off student loans early or invest?
Graduated Undergrad Debt Free - Have to take out loans for Med School. How to best prepare?
Advice to raise credit score in order to raise credit limit?
What are the advantages of a Direct Consolidation Loan through the Department of Education?
Can you balance transfer an a balance transfer?
401k rollover to Roth IRA?
What should I be doing with the money I'm saving toward a house down payment?
About to pay off the smallest of my 5 student loans should i leave it with a trivial balance to lengthen credit history?
Am I liable for a company credit card? AmEx thinks I am, and I can't get a credit report during govt shutdown...
Buying a New Car: Is it ever financially sound?
Poor Credit but Low bill to income ratio. Possible to repair credit report?
Should I buy a house? (Single, 29, ATX)
are home equity loans that you don't use good/bad or indifferent for your credit score?
Should I take a loan out on my 401k to pay off other debt before I purchase a house?
I feel like I'm buried under student loan debt and I'm not sure what to do. Any advice?
In an effort to pay off my student loans faster, I am considering transferring my car lease? Tips? Suggestions?
[Help] PF advice: 30yo, planning on going back to school F/T, car just totaled...what to do?
Better to finish off student loans as quick as possible, or put money into tax-advantaged accounts?
No SSN yet. Only ITIN. How do I start building a good credit history until I get my SSN? (US)
Not returning key deposit?? Help please!
Should I consolidate my student loans?
Annualcreditreport.com is down, anyone have direct links to request from agencies?
WHY do people think getting a cell phone contract will help build credit?
Using 25k USAA Career Starter Loan to pay off student loan (16k) and possibly invest. Thoughts?
What should i do with my outstanding debt?
An in-real-life vendor wants me to provide my security card to write on an imprint of my credit card? Am I right to assume this is a bad idea?
Do I need all these credit cards?
Selling home to buy my wifes fathers house.???
Payday Loan phone calls. Has someone stolen my identity? Am I just being scammed?
I have no money to may name, am 18, have no job, and am in college living with my fiances family who are about to kick me out at the end of the month. What do I do?
Should we consolidate our credit cards?
Any credit card "gotchas" to look out for?
Please help! How can I stop my shopping addiction!?
Can I deposit a $1,000 into my bank account without question of where it came from?
Will carrying a balance on a credit card hurt my credit score?
what are some good organizers or planners for bills ?
Should I pay off my student loan aggressively? (Sweden)
How do you deal with friends who don't invest?
FSTVX has a "minimum to invest" limit of $10,000. Does this mean I can only invest $10k at a time?
How will the government shutdown effect my federal student loans?
(US) Ending grace period on 50k Sallie Mae loan soon. What are the best options to pay em off?
Is this a good idea?
At the beginning of this year I withdrew $8,000 in cash to help a family member. I just got paid back in cash. Do I have to file taxes on this or do I just put it back in my account with no problem?
Personal Loan for a Used Car?
Focus on debt by interest rate or monthly payment?
New job doesn't offer 401k unless you are 21 years old. We just turned 20. How can we save up over the next year?
Should I open a new credit card? (also general finance advice)
How much should I focus on repaying college loans?
Which credit card is best for my situation? (Sales Rep)
Want to protect my independent, but mentally challenged brother. Suggestions?
Is a 529 worth it?
Should I jump to buy a house early? I need your help! Specific details inside - throwaway
Should we keep one of our student loans around?
After withdrawing some of my ROTH IRA is there a wait time before I can begin contributing again?
Vanguard Roth IRA fund recommendations for US college student?
Young and debt free, where to go from here?
I am &lt; $18k/year after taxes. Is taking a loan out for a $15k car a good idea?
I'm 21 with a stable career. Should I get a financial advisor, and if so, where/how should I look for one?
So I'm starting to write a cookbook, what costs are deductible?
If you could pick one good habit to instill someone who doesn't (yet) have the discipline to keep a budget, what would it be?
What is the best (cheapest) way to play the individual stock market for fun?
About to graduate university, and I have $20,000 that I'd like to use for graduate school in 2-3 years. What are my options?
should i ever take notice of the "get out of debt" or "debt consolidation" letters in my mail?
Significant student loan debt, thoughts?
How do I start building credit score?
Mom took out credit cards in my name--asked her to pay balance and cancel them. She took out more cards instead. What do I do?
How to start building up my credit score for future purposes?
I am going to be making about 60k this year, i am a freelancer, self employed etc. What can i expect as far as taxes are concerned? im from NJ btw.
Building credit with a personal loan?
The California Franchise Tax Board took out 141.00 out of my account as a vehicle registration fine against my dad. I was sent no warning and the bank charged a 125.00 Legal processing fee. What the hell is going on?
Vehicles: repair vs replace. At what point is it time to give up on your current vehicle?
How do you mentally stare down that debt. I owe $70,000 in student loans, pay off around $1300 a month and according to unbury me, will be debt free by early 2017. Additionally, what else can I do to help quicken my loan payments?
I always wondered this. Why don't some people get multiple credit cards, pay off their student loans and then declare bankruptcy on their cards? Not advocating this or saying I am doing this, but am just curious
Is this loan for medical school from a family member a better choice than government loans?
when paying off debt, should i keep a savings?
My company doesn't offer a 401k match. I think I have a few options?
Why do employers do a credit check on job candidates?
Best way to put money away for infant daughter?
Vanguard Roth IRA - Target 2055 Fund. Approaching the $10k "Purchases &amp; Withdrawals" category. What's next?
What Now?
22 no debt. Have 10k saved. What steps can I take with this to benefit my future?
Just hit 10k in my savings account @ 18. Any advice?
Where should I put money that will go to a home down payment in 1-3 years?
Is it safe to put more than FDIC limit in Vanguard?
I'm being taxed, even though I earn under the tax-free allowance. Should I tell HMRC now, or at April?
Is taking low deductibles on car insurance financially unwise?
How badly will a closed credit card affect my credit rating?
Sell our house to pay off debts?
When is the best time to pay off your credit card? And for new credit card holders, is it good to carry a small balance?
Who is the best lender of student loans?
Anyone had experience with Lightsteam loans?
Does a Tax Return Transcript list employer names?
I think I have found my passion. How do I become a financial adviser? (CA)
When to put money into existing vanguard mutual funds?
Best secondary (online or not) bank to use for multiple savings accounts?
Where is the best place to get a HELOC?
401K options?
My brother filed for bankruptcy and we have a joint account. What does this imply for me?
I make six figures, my boyfriend is a poet - tips for making finances work with very different incomes?
Can anyone give me some thoughts on the advantages and disadvantages of purchasing a house outright vs getting a mortgage?
Can I afford to move?
Do we buy our first house entirely with cash? (AU)
Question: Special interest rate is about to end on my credit card. Should I open another account with a 0% APR to transfer the balance?
Does this mortgage refinance offer make sense? (lower rate and monthly payment by longer duration)
Cash in bonds or take out loan?
Is it better to online bill pay through my bank or to pay via the company's website?
Rolling 403(b) into an IRA?
What happens to my 401K and other company assets after I leave the company?
Foreign based dividend stocks-keep in my Roth IRA or not?
What is the average pay a late 20 to early 30 something year old should be making by saving 10% of their salary to retire pleasantly?
I am 22, and don't own a credit card, which one do I start with?
Should i use the cash in my savings account (@3.51%) to pay off student loans (@2.5%) [Norway] ?
I want to open a savings account, but I live with my parents and I don't want then know about it?
Working in tech, do you still plan your retirement around working to 65?
Debt consolidation: What's the catch?
What is the best bank to open a checking account with?
Couldn't it be better to invest directly in index funds for retirement as opposed to 401k's/IRA's?
Am I over/under-insured for Auto insurance considering my health insurance?
Should I open a Roth IRA?
My local credit union has a frightening fee schedule, worse than any local bank. Is this normal?
What type of account should I save and emergency fund in?
With all the negative threads about BOA It makes me wonder, why on earth would anyone bank with them?
Picking a fee based advisor?
Just got a job and starting my 401k, what happens with my IRA?
Got approved for an apartment - credit score went down 8 points, why??
If you were in my situation what would you do?
Wise to move out with $6K of debt?
Support aging parents on a small budget?
Can someone review my college student budget, please?
Intro to Personal Finance Course (free) via Coursera.org - /r/pf Study Group?
Better Alternate to Quicken?
What is the difference between making a transfer on my credit card vs. making a payment?
No way to removed a paid debt to a collector from my credit report?
Can anyone link me to an ELI5 video on the benefits of index funds? Trying to help a friend.
Length of credit history calculation?
YNAB thinks my expenditures on savings items such as 401k are expenses when I look at my net worth. Can I change this?
Can this go on my credit report?
WSJ: Is It Safe to Invest at Just One Brokerage?
What's the point in having a low percentage of your investments in bonds at a young age (29)?
Some medical bills hit, unsure of how to proceed. Possible to get equity from a rental property?
California: collect unemployment while not working but still being paid?
Revising W4, Possible to Calculate Missed Taxes?
am i making the right decision?
No-show fee for doctor's office?
(CA) 21/m with a small debt ($300) that was sent to collections. Is it worth paying?
Pay back car loan (5.5%) or student loan (5-8%) first?
Debit card info was stolen, should I check my credit?
How close to your actual FICO is the score you get from credit karma?
What's your opinion on self-directed brokerage accounts as part of your 401K?
Is there any help for me getting to college?
Is it possible to change my variable interest student loans to fixed interest?
What would you do with a $500,000 inheritance?
Pay with benefits or higher pay without benefits?
Letter from debt collector... How should I handle this?
26. New job. What should i be doing?
How much base salary are room and meals worth?
Will closing a new(er) credit card improve score?
New car. 5k, 3k, 9k in loans. Want a home equity loan. HELP?
Excellent credit score, but how can I improve it further?
I'm 25. I failed out of college at 22 with 50k in student loans - I tried to land a gig that would give me a way out, finally did. Now where should my money be going? (Sort of career advice too)
Am I paying off my credit card wrong?
Completely new to budgeting...am I on the right track?
Will it hurt my credit if I get a credit card, but barely use it?
Is there any small-medium size purchases I shouldn't be buying with credit cards?
Finished college a year ago and have $300 in remaining dues. Can this hurt my credit?
Filing Taxes, Income property: Should one take depreciation?
Never received medical statement- now it's overdue. What can I do?
26 year old medical student on a stipend. What is the smart way to manage my money?
Am I in the position to be able to move out?
Discover More credit limit just increased without me asking?
HSA HDHP or HRA PPO LDHP during Pregnancy?
I pay my CC off every month so that I pay absolutely NO interest. I heard today, that since I pay no interest, it's actually not improving my credit. True or false?
Finished paying off my student loans.. What next?
Should I dispute if reported balance is higher?
Paying toward student loans in grad school?
First CC for College Senior: Citi Forward or Amazon Rewards?
Have some savings built up, now where to start investing? Looking to start with ~$3000
Advice with Vanguard Fund, IRA and Roth IRA?
I have 3 credit cards totaling about 3k in debt I work full time and I have never been late or missed a payment. I'm considering rolling all 3 into one new card with no interest for a year, recommendations ?
How can I build my credit as an 18 year old?
I Didn't File My Tax Return; What Can I Do?
My student loan repayment status is still "in school" despite being out of school for 6 months. How should this affect my repayment planning?
What to do with my savings?
Keeping a check register vs using mint.com?
Does marriage cost more for a childless couple than remaining unmarried?
Can I afford to move out and should I co-sign? (UK)
"Match 401k then Max out Roth IRA".. Why is this such common advice in this subreddit?
I just immigrated to the USA, I have absolutely no Credit score. What is the most intelligent way to build up my credit fast? Also, I have a business.
Is there ANYONE at all in this subreddit that works with a financial advisor over the phone after being solicited or otherwise? Why do you do it?
What to do about vehicle payments when suddenly unemployed?
Just received a bill from a collection agency...it's huge (for me). Where should this stand in my finances?
What would the consequences be should our lawmakers fail to raise the debt ceiling? (US)
I had a family emergency, and when I got back I had no money and my financial life has completely fallen apart. Any advice on how to put everything back together?
How do you calculate the percentage of your income saved?
over credit limit?
Better future, or better savings? (CA)
How bad is it if the bank closes your credit card account?
What are some good books to read about personal finance or investing?
Lending Club is insane! (maybe?)
How to evaluate performance of wife's financial advisor?
Parents over 60 and have no retirement plan and little savings, what can I do to help them?
Can anyone tell me what this is? (Easystart certificate?)
How long did you have to wait for your Simple invite?
Should I get a new CCard? Going to Spain for 20 days...
Switching jobs, what should I do with the pension from my old job?
Parents still co-owner on bank account?
How do I go about increasing my credit limit on a secured credit card?
Spend savings before son starts applying to colleges?
Missing post? A rant by a financial advisor that was popular a few days ago
If I am covered by two health plan's, can I still use an HSA if one of the plans would normally qualify for one?
Consolidate debt using load from LendingClub?
Would cancelling my oldest credit card, purely for the sake of convenience, lower my credit score? Canada, if that matters...
Consolidate CC debt with loan from LendingClub?
Not using cards, good or neutral for credit report?
Was credit card scoring towards credit scores altered recently?
Does anybody know of an accurate online tool to calculate net income after taxes?
When can I refinance my auto loan?
Retirement / College Savings - I think I can be doing better?
When should I ask for a credit increase?
What can I do to protect, if anything, my 401k during the government shutdown and possible default?
Will paying down the principal on a loan hurt my credit?
Have you talked to your parents about finances/their future plans?
How do you save money when you're not supposed to have money?
23 y/o recent grad with proposed financial plan from Northwestern Mutual. How does it look?
What does the looming debt ceiling default mean for my money market account?
I'm 24 and have been working full time for 2 years. I have my expenses in order and have a decent amount saved up. Now what?
Pay down current mortgage, or start saving cash for next purchase (~3 years will need bigger home)?
Question - doing a rollover IRA with Vanguard, can I buy an ETF?
Making $100k via egg donations... what's the best tax strategy?
I have a Visa card. If I want a 2nd one should it be a from a different processor (MasterCard, Amex, Discover) or does that not matter?
How do I legally bring money back from India to the USA while minimizing my mother's tax burden?
UK - Do you think our finance tracking apps are limited? Uni project - application idea
27y.o. Looking at buying a house. Am I making a wise decision?
Cashing in 401k, should I pay off any debts? And what to do with leftover money?
Just moved back to California (from Canada) and found out my bank (Schwab) no longer offers a credit card. Starting from basically zero, what's the best one to get?
How do you compare with other investors your age?
Roth IRA as an emergency fund? Good idea?
I've been denied a credit card since I was 19. I looked into my credit history and couldn't identify any reason I would be denied. I'm now 31 and still don't have a credit card, what should I do?
How do you go about investing a large sum of cash received as gifts over long period of time?
How do I contribute more than $5,500 a year for retirement?
how can I be sure I'm paying all of my student loans?
How can we have an account together?
I'm working on a personal expense tracker, dollarlog, what does r/personalfinance think?
Best way to exchange large amount of currency? (USD &gt; GBP)
Can my brother, who has a couple felonies (pot related) on his record get a credit card? Or be listed as an authorized user on my accounts? (x-post from askreddit)
When is the right time to seek out a financial adviser?
Nonprofit professionals, what are your strategies for building up savings and achieving financial stability?
Sudden drop in credit?
Where to allocate bonus windfall to pay down current debt and what to do after?
Loan for Non-Degree Yielding Coursework?
In high school, I got two credit cards and went crazy maxing them out (wow! free money!) I'm now in college, can't afford more than the minimum payment, and my debt keeps going up and up. What do I do?
23yo am I doing it right? Lost....
30k in Student Loans, Working as a Server, and Looking to Go to Dental School. What Should I Do?
DUI's and Stolen Crawfish- Does This Describe You?
Pay off car loan or keep as emergency fund?
Missed for promotion, what should I do? (x-post AskReddit)
Commission Based Salary - How do I know if i have too much for Roth ?
Car loan question: Refinance from 72mo @ 3.5% to 60mo @ 2%, or pay extra?
House costs. 2.5x or 3x or 3.5x your salary?
Will getting married this year screw up our tax returns?
(UK, US) Getting large paycheck from US Company in to UK bank account....shall I hold off based on current weak USD exchange rate and put it into an American account instead? or will things only get worse?
have cash to buy car ($25k).. but should i finance to increase credit score?
I will be teaching abroad for a year. Do I still have to file income tax?
Is debt consolidation worth it?
American redditors. I need to open an US bank account with good online banking and intl. wiring support. Advice?
What circumstances would make it better to invest in IRA vs 401(k)?
Trying to get a mortgage after 15 years living overseas with no US credit history. Would getting a car loan first help?
I need a little bit of help developing a budget and saving money. Help? (Canada)
Week ago I asked for advice on getting my credit cards back from my mother--it worked, but now what?
Received ESOP as part of a benefits package contingent upon my accepting a new job offer. Can Reddit discern from this wording whether the contributions come from my base salary or whether contributions come in addition to said salary?
Signing up for 401k in my company, what do I have to know?
I am stuck with an expensive car I cannot sell. Is it worth trading in to a dealer for something far less expensive?
Is there a good alternative to CreditKarma?
Help with wedding budget?
If you were making an informative speech on personal finances, what topics would you point out?
Girlfriend's health insurance is charging her for an extra month?
Refinance to get rid of PMI?
where to check my 3 bureau credit report?
What type of bank account to put a 20k loan in? (UK)
Am I legally obligated to pay off my late mother's credit card debt?
My Annuity ended. What do I do now?
Wife is a teacher, how do I calculate or know the retirement payout?
How old of a vehicle should I get to spend the least amount of money per year on it?
How would I go about becoming a small-scale student loan lender? If I loan a student money, how would I go about getting the typical lender-protections associated with big banks?
Does a bank audit you if you deposit too much?
$10,000 in student loans... best way to pay it off to improve my credit score?
Has anyone ever worked and put away all of there money in savings?? How did you it? Is it realistically possible?
Can I open a new joint checking account with my new wife without negatively affecting my application for a mortgage?
An asset allocation that does not depend on age?
Have a CC at 6.25% with no perks. Is it worth getting a higher interest CC that offers cash back, etc?
What to do with money from an internship?
How should I invest my extra $200/month?
Vacation fund - any way to keep it somewhat liquid yet still beat inflation?
How to deal with college loans?
Got a new job, have no reason or desire to spend any money (still in school). Is it possible to save 90-100% of income, and should I do it? (AU)
If you lost your job tomorrow. Would you be ok?
Does anybody else HAVE to Micro Manage their Spouses Finances?
How to get a loan with 0 credit?
Who around here does their personal finances with double entry bookkeeping?
Consolidated my debt through a union bank, what steps can I make now that I have "more" money?
What to do with a stale check?
Paying off my car this month, what to do with extra money?
Buy a Chevy Volt or keep my paid-off Jeep?
Balance transfer a balance transfer?
Savings Account suggestions for my baby. Where to begin?
Would a personal loan for a vacation be irresponsible?
Just got married. Will be owed large refund. Worried about the shutdown. Can I take a huge number of W4 allowances?
Down payment question. 20, 10, or 5%?
Boosting credit score without opening new credit- possible?
24 y/o, never had a credit card or anything else. I have no credit, and need to get a car. What do I do? ELI5
Are there any methods out there for separating my money to save for different things?
Already maxed out my 2013 Roth IRA, but new job increased income past max. What do I do?
Engagement ring: thoughts on purchasing?
Excellent credit (778), what is the best CC with rewards to go for?
Who has an example I can learn by?
How to find out how much stock I actually own?
Time to give up and take out a loan? How can I make this work? Details inside.
Mailed check to a friend, someone stole/cashed it before it got to her. What can I do?
Does paying bills such as rent and utilities on time affect your credit score at all?
Tips on buying a used car as a college student?
How to backdoor a Roth with monthly contributions?
Is a VISA Cash Rewards card right for me?
how do i get a negative removed from my credit score?
Are businesses charged a fee for a declined credit card?
Who uses the Fidelity Visa or QuickSilver Visa 1.5% cash back cards?
Does anyone have any experience with SoFi?
Is it more cost effective to live with a roommate or not?
Instead of cosigning your child's loan, consider this instead?
Do I need a financial advisor?
Need to upgrade to a minivan... I have a car worth 8k and a car worth 4k. Which one should I sell ?
Advice for a college student?
If I set up auto-pay for my student loans on my credit card and make sure to pay my balance on time, will my credit skyrocket?
Buying a home, right now, with a 401k loan. Should I move part of my 401k to money market?
Sallie Mae now services my Direct Loans; Why did my credit score dropped significantly??
Sallie Mae now services my Direct Loans; Why did my credit score drop significantly??
I (believe) I am on a decent path. How do I not mess this up?
Planning for Parents' Retirement?
What do you consider making it now?
Credit limit increase -- harmful or helpful?
At what point do you decide to spend money on your lifestyle vs retirement?
(Xpost from Askreddit) Should I still use my credit cards after I finally paid them off?
Suggestions for software to store Passwords?
Quick student loan question: Do you ALWAYS pay higher interest first, or private (vs federal) loans off first?
Getting sued for credit card debt. Any ideas?
Thoughts on deferred comp?
How much apartment/life can I afford?
Online Banking - Best way to do it?
Does anyone know what credit bureau Bank of America pulls from when looking to give you credit?
Any services, in your opinion, better than Check.me for bill management?
is it game over?
Time to move out. I think?
44 and no longer poor -- is it possible to start saving for retirement (or at least not eventually being homeless) now?
Alternatives to money envelope system?
Has anyone used LightStream for large home projects?
Should I have financed MORE of my car loan, considering the low rate?
23 year old with 70k in debt making 55k (36k take home)...is this a good 1-2 year plan?
How safe is my money in the bank if the government defaults on it's debts &amp; causes an economic scare?
23 year old Canadian with 72k in debt taking home 36k...what do you think of my 1-2 year plan?
Am I ready to buy a home? Is it a good time?
Should I open multiple lines of credit to improve my score?
Am I effectively losing money if my salary doesn't grow with inflation?
How to prevent PF from turning into an obsession?
Pay extra home principle or put into savings?
comprehensive list of certifications available in the USA?
Why is the interest on my car loan pretty varied each month?
Pay of credit card debt with savings?
What is PF's opinion on buying certified pre-owned cars?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to consolidating private student loans?
I received a letter from Chase, they want to close one of my credit card accounts due to inactivity. Should I contact them and try to keep it open?
Am I Giving Bad Advice to a Friend?
What happens in credit collections?
I am a 21 year old with £150,000 to my name. Best course of action? (UK)
What to look for in picking a credit card?
Any benefit to consolidating loans from the SAME lender?
High Interest Savings Account: 0.9% APY?
Take out a personal loan to pay the IRS?
I have a variable interest rate loan... if the government defaults will my rate increase?
Has anyone ever called their credit card company and threaten to cancel to get more rewards points?
Just graduated college and getting ready to start paying off loans. What do I need to know?
Any firsthand experience with a Roth IRA from USAA?
I don't fully understand how tax-deductible things (like 401k or 529 contributions) work. Can someone enlighten me?
I don't fully understand how tax-deductible things (like 401k or 529 contributions) work. Can someone enlighten me?
Can I move out?
Temporarily working/living in the US - should I contribute to a 401K?
Is it ever smart to take out retirement funds to pay student loans?
Just looked up my Credit Score for the first time. 680. I am a College Student with some student loans and 1 low limit CC. Advice?
What can I do to improve my chances of getting a first car loan?
Has anybody ever used Universal Life Insurance for retirement/savings? Is it a smart choice?
(UK, US) I've got about $150,000 (98kGBP) in savings, I'm a UK citizen but with both US and UK bank accounts. What the heck should I invest in?
DCU for an auto loan? No prior experience with them.
How to sell off real estate without getting killed in capital gains? (FL)
If a company doesn't have my SSN, can they still hurt my credit?
Should I qualify to get rid of my PMI?
Couples, how much do you put in each others Personal Fun Account?
What kind of information should I give to a debt collection agency?
Brokerage trying to sell me on a managed portfolio... good/bad idea?
[US] Should I sell my vested stock?
no 401k match, is it worth it?
Pay frequency getting shifted from bi-monthly to bi-weekly. Care to spare some advice/experience?
Just got approved for Visa reward CC. Wait 3 months before getting another?
529 plan guidance?
American currently traveling internationally. All my savings are in USD, but I'm spending in other currencies. Is it gambling to keep my money in USD or would it be gambling to lock in current exchange rates?
My apartment is paid off 100%. I would like to take out a second mortgage (is it still called that?) to buy the apartment next door.
Am I paranoid in thinking that CreditKarma may end up stealing my identity/something?
Pay more on mortgage to refi sooner, or spend $ on improvements?
Buy home now or wait?
With the US dollar expected to lose value as a result of the current political climate, should I invest in gold?
Credit Card Paydown with Bonus? Help please?
Question: How do I protect my spouse from my debt? (IRS/student loan)
New to IRA. Suggestions?
Collect Unemployment, or Take a 1-2 month 1099 job? (CA)
(UK) I'm a EU student studying in a UK university. Is there a way I can apply for a Maintenance Loan? Any other ways around it?
Are there special rules for changing HSA custodians?
Short term assignment overseas - what am I missing?
How much higher than my anticipated salary should I ask for before negotiations start?
How long does it take for a change to register in your credit report (and therein, score)?
New to budgeting. When do you consider yourself not living check to check?
Can anyone recommend me some credit cards based on these heuristics?
How do you manage finances in a relationship?
20 year old in my third year of college with 18k in savings, what should I do with it?
Any other tax shelters besides 401K?
AMEX Blue Cash Preferred or Blue Cash Everyday?
Recently gave 2 weeks notice at my job and just now discovered that they have been underpaying me for the past 9-10 months. What should I do?
Budgeting for a CSA share paid for in advance (using ynab)?
Been wanting to start Roth IRA's for me and my wife. How exactly do I go about this?
Should I change my money into another currency?
Similar to the Anticipated salary discussion, does anyone have interview tips/application tips that help with initial offers?
Can I transfer my work's SIMPLE IRA (managed by some company) to a Vanguard one?
Getting a bonus..worth paying my 1.9% interest vehicle loan?
Lots of money in savings, ideas for investments?
Help fixing my finances to pay off car and student loans?
Starting new job, moving in with long time boyfriend. Anyone that can give advice on if my budgeting is okay?
is this a good 401k plan? explain it to me
College on VA benefits right now?
My HSA account from a previous employer has a $3/month service charge.. do I have any better options?
Refinancing my car - worth the finance charge?
What funds should I use for my 401k? (Options in post)
Pre-tax or Post-tax 401k?
Is there a way to officially boost one's income by a small amount? As in, your taxable income?
Salary is 68k/yr in NYC. I am 27 yrs old, been working fulltime since start of 2010. My 401k is 14k. Am I doing OK or is my 401k woefully small?
Surprise IRA - what can (or should) I do with it?
Should I trust Northland Group?
Secured card for first credit card? Credit Card act? Help.
Bank won't Foreclose on my apparently it's still my responsibility?
Cash out 401k to pay student loans?
Leave high limits on paid down credit cards?
Should I cash out of low interest rate EE Savings Bonds before the Debt Limit is reached?
What would you change about my current 401k portfolio?
Advice on Building Credit When Uncreditworthy?
401K meeting with my planner tomorrow - debt ceiling issue - what to bring up?
Where to open up a Roth IRA and how much to contribute, given my numbers?
Were you taught any basic personal finance in highschool?
Should I be worried about the Debt Ceiling if I have debts in other currency and my salary is paid in US dollars?
Is there a difference in available funds and a emergency fund?
Where to get my start at investing?
How did you celebrate achieving debt free status?
How to get the most out of my HSA?
Fresh out of college and need to increase my credit limit. What are my options?
Is it worth getting a Credit Card?
Is the chase checking fee justifiable?
When to sell off ESPP Shares?
How do the very rich ($100M) invest their money?
Do you have specific savings goals in YNAB?
Would I be dumb to turn this down?
I was just approved for an AMEX Everyday. How long should I wait until I apply for another card?
Recommend books?
Since we have some extra income, does it make more sense to pay off our home mortgage as soon as possible or refinance from a 30 to 15-year?
Got a friend who's got nothing to her name, no where to stay, and no way to get a job. How can I advise her out of Tue shit situation?
Are stocks mostly for people who enjoy that kind of thing, or should I start investing in them too?
Taxes on Roth IRA distributions, but no earnings?
Anyone have advice about setting up a will?
Drowning in Student Loan Debit. What are some reasonable options?
Does a 401k Loan make sense for me?
20 years old, $1508/month net, need some opinions?
Credit card advice?
My credit history is zero with no debt and no credit cards, looking at getting one. Any opinions on this?
New Roth IRA. What to buy?
(22y/o m, debt galore) hey, personalfinance, im tired of being broke, and decided to start a budget. any suggestions?
Good idea to finance or not?
Here are my financial stats -- what would you change / what would you do?
Best Online Bill Pay?
Which banks will refinance a 30-year private student loan?
How do you estimate the value of your household items for a net worth calculation?
Mortgage recasting/reammortization: Has anyone tried that?
Employer 401k already with Vanguard, do I roll it over directly to Vanguard?
Dropping out of college, should I still apply for a student card to start building credit?
Mom has good credit, but recently has been getting called by collection agencies. She thinks someone is using her SS number. What can we do?
Want to by a house with a friend who has a lot of cash from an under-the-table source. How do I accomplish this?
Moving to NYC with girlfriend, smart to buy a home?
Best web resources for "hobby" investing in the stock market?
Broke - haven't started work yet - credit card or loan a good option?
23 years old - $45K in loans, how am I doing?
24 y/o student. Would it be wise to start saving what I can now?
Are rewards from credit cards taxed?
Feedback Request: Downpayment strategy if time horizon is a bit longer... and you may change your mind about buying?
How To Increase My Credit Score Even More? (US)
What's /r/pf's opinion of eMoney Advisor?
Is this a good financial decision? (going $150k into debt)
Is this an excellent financial decision, or a really stupid one?
I have no idea what I am doing and I'm always broke. How can I start budgeting? (21 y/o m, 4 m/o child, very low income)
Is it necessarily worth putting extra money towards paying off cheap debt?
Can we ignore Roth contributions for the next few years to save for a house?
Is there any reason I should stay with Wells Fargo?
Does processing a debit card transaction cost a business money like credit cards?
If you had $50k saved up and lived in the Bay area (California) what would you do with it given todays financial uncertainty?
Should I take a short-term FICO score hit?
Aggressively paying of student loans or saving up?
Realistically, how can I expect my student loan debt to impact me over the next decade?
How to budget my money? (MX)
Looking for a bank account for my student organization, help?
For those of who who are maxing out your 401k and Roth IRA contributions, what is your annual salary?
No credit, no consigner, but I need 17k to graduate college in may. How can I get a loan?
Alternatives to Mint - reviews of Learnvest, Personal Capital, or any other alternatives?
Family emergency. Parents need a 20k loan from me. How can this positively/negatively effect me?
Can anyone explain the differences between taking money from a 401k vs. a Roth IRA?
Can I get a safe 3% return?
How am I doing with my personal finances/401k?
For those of you who had to dip into your emergency fund: How many months worth did you have, and was it enough (how much did you ultimately use)?
(CA) YES! Secured permanent full-time employment! Goal is to be debt free in 2 years. Help me plan? Here's what I'm working with:
Ok financially - Don't Budget - Trying to use YNAB but confused. Help! Different program needed?
I have a severely delinquent auto loan from 2010, however it is shown as Current and Satisfactory on my credit report. Is it helping or hurting me?
My employer says they will match up to 12% of our 401k, first "real" job. What does this mean exactly?
Is it worth it to signup for a website that lets me check on my credit report whenever I want?
If I start a 401k at my current job, how difficult is it to switch jobs?
My soon-to-be employer contributes 25% of my base salary to a "pre-tax profit sharing investment account." What does that mean for me and how does it compare to more standard retirement packages?
Is there a happy medium between the teachings of "the millionaire next door" and spending recklessly?
Prioritize Credit Cards or Savings?
New Job: What should I do with my money?
How do you calculate your net worth?
Would it be a bad idea to go back to college for a new degree?
Why is it better to max out Roth IRA before 401k?
If there is no 401k match, max out ROTH first?
First Job Starts Monday - Advice?
Personal finance classes?
Make ~$130k annually with a roth ira &amp; 401k...should I go traditional?
How high is too high for a sales charge in a 529 plan?
I've got 1k in my Roth IRA (recently opened) but a 4k student loan at 5.7% (my highest). It's nearing the end of 2013. I am 27 years old. What do I do?
Closed Credit Card vs Credit Utilization Ratio?
Do I really need a Roth IRA? Also retirement questions from someone in their 20s.
How is my current financial situation? I need YOUR suggestions/recommendations..
Is primerica a scam?
Should I rollover my 401k? I'm not really knowledgeable about all this stuff...
About to receive a promotion what should I do?
Oops, I think I'm over my $17.5k limit - what do I do?
Where should I put my money if I'm hoping to buy a house in ~7 years?
28yrs old with $100k in my roth IRA. Should I take out $40k for a downpayment on a house, assuming there won't be taxes or penalties?
Should I buy a home if I only plan to stay 3 years?
Does your company match count towards your total contribution limit for 401k?
What would you recommend as a rule of thumb for allocating income?
Thinking of contributing to a retirement plan, but also want to buy another piece of property someday... oh, and student loans. Suggestions?
Comcast affecting my credit score, is it worth it to keep fighting?
Are there hidden SEP IRA contribution limits that I can't find?
When will IRS limits for 401k and IRA contributions for 2014 be released? Anyone care to speculate what they'll be?
My Income/Expenses - Help me budget? (22/F - 3 months into a new job, USA)
How much do I spend on a ring?!
Why do I need life insurance as a young healthy single man? Explain like I'm five.
Program for setting up a budget?
I'm 19 years old, active duty marine, have a kid, should I buy a house in the next 3 years?
How much float do you keep in your checking account?
Anybody (salaried) tried withholding all taxes and opting to pay at the end of tax year?
My dad is 61 and has about 200k in a brokerage account...should he convert this to a Roth IRA?
How large of an impact will cosigning a $2000 student loan have?
What are the consequences of not having a will?
What should I start doing as a student?
Interesting tax loophole or waste of time?
Which loan should I pay off first?
How do I invest with my Roth IRA in Vanguard?
If you could go back in time to when you were 18, what advice would you give yourself?
Please help??? Rent application
24/M engineering grad, no US credit history - advice on getting my first credit card as a Canadian living abroad?
If I am looking to retire at age 40 (or even 45) does it make sense to fully fund a 401k or Roth IRA each year that I work? (Starting at age 30). If no, other ideas?
Personal loan during graduate school?
Advice on switching to Vanguard?
What should our plan be to buy a house?
No Options for Student Loan Consolidation/ReFi?
Do any of you have a special investment account specifically geared towards earning money for luxury or "fun" expenses?
Does the bank know about all my credit cards?
Practical to fundraise for gf's trip to study abroad?
Focus on paying off student loans or start building an emergency fund?
Do I have any options other than just wait?
A debt collector just violated the FDCA twice and I believe I have sufficient evidence, what now?
How much does life really cost from retirement onward?
Keep getting denied for department store credit cards. Why does this happen and when should I apply again?
Should I sell my unpaid for vehicle?
Need to create some extra income for myself to help with my finances. What are some ways you all go about doing this?
I am inheriting a large amount of money soon (around $200,000) in the form of investments. How can I best preserve it?
Would buying a condo be a bad decision?
Should I pay off my small student loan now, or pay slowly to increase my credit score?
Refinance auto loan?
We have $5000 to put toward a baby fund (we're due in six months). Where should we put it?
I just sold my company and have close to $600k in the bank, what should I do with it?
Quick Question: Where do the MERs get taken from?
Average time to become fully vested in a 401k?
(UK) - Pension Advice: Balanced or Adventurous?
What banks have the top savings account interest rates right now? Where can I find a good resource for this?
Investors in the US - can your financial adviser still receive commission from your investments?
As a college student who is hungry to start working, what are some good financial tips to consider starting as soon as possible?
Turning in my leased car in a month. What should I watch out for?
Have some debt, but will have a sizeable chunk of money to help relieve a portion of that debt soon... How to handle it most effectively?
Can I afford to purchase this? (CA)
My current financial status / budget / etc -- any input? What should I change? What should I do?
How do these 0% APR credit card bonuses actually work and how do they impact my credit score?
Actively managed funds for the common investor?
How much more can I contribute to my 401k and how will it change my net income?
Credit - 565 / Debts on report totaling 1,700. How do I go up from here?
My co-worker was telling me I should look into a Family Trust. Is it needed? Details inside
Should I "cash" in my smaller $3,000 minimum Vanguard funds to buy into one $10,000 minimum Admiral level mutual fund?
How do I stop unsolicited credit card offers?
What are your personal finance philosophies/rules? (i.e. pay yourself first, have x months of emergency funds, etc)
Can you suggest a budget to a 27 year old and his girlfriend?
Credit Report vs. Credit Score??
Taking out 401k to pay student loans...?
23 year old student looking to move out of his aunts house and get an apartment on a fast food cashier's income. Is this possible? How can I do this?
What to do with too much liquid? (around $90K in Savings)
How am I doing so far?
How can you legally avoid paying interest on your savings?
Emergency Fund Pre Payment on Mortgage?
(Australian) Am I doing this right? My partner doesn't think so
Should I put my assets in a trust?
I am foreclosing in IL (Cook County). How can I find the judges decision on the matter?
What should my emergency fund be in? (CA)
I have $1600 left over after all minimum expenses. What do I do it with with respect to current savings, loans, 401k, and Roth IRA?
Changing where the money in my ROTH IRA is invested?
How do I help my mother stop making financial mistakes?
Money in Company Stock (not by choice) that I can't access for 11 years. Other options?
"Fees in APR?" on Bankrate.com
As a forigner with no plan to retire in US. should I put money in a 401k ?
How do you come to peace with yourself if you are not saving as much as you could be?
Paid tuition out of pocket, tax deductible?
Just got an Amex BlueSky card and have had a Chase Freedom for 6 months. When should I ditch my CapitalOne secured card that I had for 1.5 years and has an annual fee?
Am I on the right track?
My spending/income for the year so far. What else should I keep track of?
The money I've spent so far in 2013. What else should I keep track of?
HSA newbie - should I enroll for it?
Am I totally f***ed? What order should I pay these things off?
Anyone live with their S.O. and another couple?
My small home-based (Chicago) business is back to the point where people will be sending me checks. Through what bank can I get a small business savings account with the lowest minimum account balance?
Will attending counseling services under my parents' insurance policy bite me in the ass later when I have to buy my own health insurance in 3 years?
Most retirement calculators expect an income of 80% of current income in retirement. Is this realistic/correct?
What are the best ways to control your Credit Score? Pros/Cons of available websites/methods.
Am I screwed here? Refi
Tax Benefits of having a baby?
New to this. Little help please?
What looks better when applying for a home loan, no credit debt or no installment loan?
I just received a settlement check, I have no savings account. Do i open a savings account and deposit the whole thing?
Buying a used car from a car owner (craigslist), used car dealer, or rental car company. Which one is better and why?
Which to pay off first: Higher interest rate (fixed) student loan, or lower variable rate?
Planning for an early demise - am I missing anything?
Saving for house down-payment and college fund?
(UK) Wanting to move into being a talent agent, how can I split the money automatically?
401K? Brokerage account? IRA? Down payment? Need help setting savings priorities.
Blocked account for a minor...best option?
I am 22/M/USA looking to move to New Zealand on a student visa. I have an offer of place. How to handle finances on my journey?
Credit Report Fraud--how to solve?
I think this goes here. What happens if I cancel my phone's Direct Debit? (UK)
When does a year start with IRAs?
How Do I Begin Investing In Stock? Someone enlighten my ignorant soul on this fact.
How can I consolidate my loans?
Paying down extra mortgage principal if selling house before 30 yrs?
Should I invest now, or wait until a more opportune moment?
Are my wife and I in dire straits?
I took out an auto loan, but the deal fell through. What's next?
Anyone have an excel calculator for students loans?
Something major has happened and I will probably have to declare bankruptcy, anything I should know?
Pension payout opportunity. What option should I choose?
[Link] Is it better to save money or pay off debt?
In 6 months, my wife and I will both be done with grad school. With a combined income of $130,000 and loans totaling $170,000, what would be the best approach to paying back loans and buying a house?
Just married--best bank options for joint account?
Can anyone explain to me how my paycheck is calculated? (I live in NYC) (I changed my 401k contribution percentage and want to see how the numbers will change)
Stock market grow forever?
Are my job's 401(k) options so terrible that I shouldn't even bother?
Invest 13,000 more in my 401k or should I buy a house?
What would you do with 250000 USD if you didn't have to pay off any debts etc?
Secured credit card amount?
Take a new job or keep my current?
401k check, is this considered good? What's my outlook?
Help me manage my finances?
Best option for savings for nieces/nephews? (CA)
Unused credit card, cancel it or just continue not using it? (UK)
401k mistake. Can I fix it ?
When do we add a 2nd car back into our budget?
Anyone have any experience with J.P. Morgan checking?
Any suggestions on 401k?
I fear I may be digging myself a deeper hole by chasing my dreams, am i crazy?
I just started my first professional job and have 8k in my emergency fund. Is it wise to take out 5k to max out my Roth IRA contribution for 2013?
Refi and hold or Sell?
How many credit report requests is normal outside of applying for new credit lines?
How do I decipher this expense ratio breakdown?
what happens to stock if a company declares bankruptcy, then is resurrected by another publicly traded company several years later?
I'm trying to take advantage of opening rewards for credit cards. Would it hurt my credit to close them after I receive my reward and then open another card?
Student Loans Forgiven in 10 Years? - I Need Help
Is 27 too late to start maxing out the 401k?
I will receive about a 10k inheritance soon, advice?
My credit is in the tank, but now I'm making good money. Need help to clean it up. Who can I go to?
Best Starter Credit Cards?
List of good, accessible credit unions?
Inheriting money. Pay debt? Invest?
Safe vs. lockbox?
How do I to calculate my overall savings rate?
Should I invest my 20k in taxable investments or use it to live on while I contribute more to my 401k?
Personal loan options for consolidation?
Am I paying the right tax?
When should I apply for second credit card?
Looking to buy a house, how soon can I afford it?
Am I a fool to think I can afford a house?
Should I cash out my stocks to pay off my mortgage?
I just graduated high school, and my family has always been poor. My school taught us nothing about how to manage our finances, and my family will not be able to give much advice. What are some things I should do, right now?
Does anyone do an end of the year "State of the Union" summary of how you did financially that year?
About to have an extra $50k to play with. What to do next?
Negotiate or file bankruptcy?
Why are you guys so obsessed with credit scores?
How do I know if consolidation is the right thing to do? I've always heard negative things about it. What are pros / cons?
Need to roll over 401k - roth or traditional IRA?
Toyota Preferred Pricing Option -- Good or Bad?
Meeting with a financial adviser tomorrow, what questions should I be asking?
What is the best way to pay off a credit card "in full"?
Money from a family trust...taxable?
Using only a percentage of your credit line on your credit card?
I really want to get my student loans away from Wells Fargo, what are my options?
Any retired people here? How do you spend your free time now?
Just got approved for a new credit card. How long should I wait before applying for another?
I am 22 and earn a little over $40k a year before bonuses and overtime. Should I contribute to my employer's 401k or a Roth IRA?
Can someone explain the difference between "balance" and "available" in a current account? (UK)
I'm planning on maxing my 401k (17.5k/yr), but is it worth it for me to also invest in a Roth IRA when I live in NYC right now?
Should I use money from a trust to pay off car loans, credit cards, and invest the savings?
Refinance my 8 months old car? Or trade for a new one?
Is my companies ESPP a worthwile investment?
I have 25k sitting in savings. Likely purchasing a house next spring. What to do with this money?
IRA or 457?
I am trying to get a personal finance class offered as a competency at my University. What are some good questions to ask people that they should know about personal finance?
Just got a new job. $17 an hour. 10,000 in a previous 401k. Help me do this right?
Has the (relatively) recent US government shenanigans affected your allocation?
Downside to Index fund investing?
401k Review - Am I doing this right?
Under what circumstances is it ideal for someone to invest heavily in a traditional 401k vs. Roth 401k vs. traditional IRA vs. Roth IRA?
Up almost 29% in 401k this year. Do I need to change anything?
Best way to pay down multiple loans early?
If i need ~$600 in a week, but don't get a paycheck for ~4 weeks what is the best way to get it?
Start paying off my mortgage?
Can someone PLEASE explain to me what this Mortgage Approval means?
Working as a camgirl, would like to hire an accountant, but would like to avoid telling them what I do if possible. Is there any way to get around this?
Hospital bill sent to collections - What are the options?
Does switching banks have any negative effect?
Cost of living: New Haven, CT?
Buying a house - How do I maximize my $100k in the next 45-60 days? (Canada)
[Canada] How low of a MER is considered low for index mutual funds?
Unemployed- Health insurance advice?
Should my Roth IRA investments be more risky/reward due to having paid the tax already?
How do I turn my VA GI Bill benefits into taxable income?
I'm from the UK, live in the Netherlands. How do I make the most of my assets?
Should I join my employee stock purchase plan that does not actually involve the purchase of stock?
23, offered a trial-period salary of 32K plus health, vision, dental and vacation. Am I getting a good deal?
Did I screw up by opening a Roth IRA? Am I better off with a Traditional IRA? (serious)
Should I use my old 401k to start a small business?
Can I send Popmoney to myself?
Switching jobs and losing my HSA eligibility on Friday. Do I have to max out my 2013 HSA contribution by Friday, or does it carry over till end of year?
Advice on contributing to a 457 or a roth IRA?
How long does it take US Bank to "bill pay"/mail a check to another bank then cash the check?
What would you change?
I desperately need serious advice: SHOULD I BUY A HOUSE?
Can I open a 401k and a Roth?
How do I consolidate my student loans?
Any reason to contribute to Traditional IRA (as opposed to Roth IRA) if over the deduction limit?
Should I put 0 or 1 on my w-4 at my job?
Should I pull equity out of my car to pay CC debt?
To mortgage or not to mortgage?
Is it a good idea to contribute to both a Traditional 401K and a Roth 401K?
This might be a really basic question but what does it mean to max 401k contributions?
Over my head with an auto loan. Advice?
When is the best time to rollover an IRA?
Go direct to Vanguard or use 3rd party? (TD Ameritrade)
401k fund mix, can I improve my portfolio?
Where do HSAs fit in retirement savings priority?
Has a Collection Agency Turned Down Your Settlement Offer?
Adobe is giving a 1 year Experian membership to their customers. Is it worth it in light of recent news?
Budget Help - any room for improvement?
Extra Cash - Not sure what to do?
I claimed 2 allowances, and my tax withholding increased?
Roth 401(k) employer contributions are tax-deferred; how does that work?
My wife and I need help getting out of debt, any advice?
Graduate (masters student) pay higher than expected, how will this affect my already paid out student loans? (CA)
I opened a Roth IRA with $1k. When do I get taxed?
Best way to help a friend out financially?
Anyone who has filed the FASFA while married - How much of a difference was it compared to filing as an independent?
Can I pay taxes/penalties from a non-medical purchase with an HSA card from the HSA account itself?
Does anyone use Numbers to track expenses?
How do I save up for my degree? (SG)
In-network-only health plans: a terrible idea?
Employer is offering a year of free Equifax Credit Watch; Downsides?
Should I ask my boyfriend to contribute to bills even though it isn't that much?
Put down more? Or put down less? House down payment.
Is financing a big purchase a good way to build credit?
How do you deal with an SO not working?
Have a dumpy little annuity from previous employer. What should I do?
Best way to invest ~$20,000 for a few years? (CA)
Does anyone have a Simple account?
Medical problems and possible loss of income. What do I do?
Closing CC before 1 year? (Just for benefits)
How damaging is a report to a credit bureau?
Do the investment managers in local Chase branches have any real training?
Life hack help...what are some good things people should do everyday (week, month) to help them save those extra dollars?
personal finance extreme?
Very lucrative job, large debts. Not sure how much longer the job is to last. Pay off all debt while making great money and have less saved, or leave some to pay off later on less income? (CAN)
Vanguard index funds in 401k plan from 3rd party recordkeeper... Do they count towards my overall Vanguard balance to reach Voyager status?
I quit my job but my company accidentally continued to pay me for a few weeks...Will I have to pay taxes on it?
Can I afford this house? Different people give me different answers. (Canada)
Whats the best Investor Beginner guide in your opinion?
Is there a way to know the best APR you can get without doing 10 request against your credit score ?
Opening another credit line for Amazon; good option or terrible idea?
How much emergency money do you keep in cash?
Who can I hire to scour my 3 year old mint.com purchase history and look for things I can write off, and revise/file my taxes, keeping a small portion of any refund for themselves?
Started a new job as a contractor and not a full time hire, what do I do financially and legally?
Does anyone here work in public health (hospital admin/health policy)? What's your financial life like?
Question on possibly having to dispute a charge on my card?
Should I keep my current auto loan or refinance?
Should I put my emergency fund in a 5 year 2% CD?
Old forgotten 401k - how to research and find?
How do I pay off stafford loans?
Best way to shop for an auto loan?
Get through college faster or leave room for part time work now?
I completely lost control of my financial situation for the last 8 months. Is there anyway to recover? What are my options?
How To Balance Repaying Existing Student Debt With Saving For Masters Degree?
How much do you spend on non-food, non-recurring expenses?
[Request] What is/are the best ways to save/invest my money?
Month early with bills or bigger savings?
Vanguard Bond ETF vs. Index Fund?
Need a furnace. Pay with emergency fund or get a loan?
Q: Withholding the maximum amount, putting it into a high-interest savings account, then paying at tax time while collecting interest; legal? good idea?
College student denied for 3 credit cards, what do I do?
Should I trigger a loss in my Roth IRA?
Should I use my savings to pay off my credit card?
Have $870 excess from student loan disbursement. Best way to invest it until payback?
Student loans: To defer or not to defer?
My wife and I own our house. What next?
Is this worth hiring a CPA?
What to do with my current life insurance policy?
Should I find an HSA?
Looking for feedback on my financial situation. What could I be doing better?
Should we adjust our high student loan repayments while my wife stays home with the kids?
Can a personal line of credit take the place of an emergency fund?
No Longer Resident Immigrant - Filing American Tax Returns. How do I go About it?
should I have IRA with who I bank with?
What causes a U.S. savings bond's issue price to differ from its denomination?
0% Comparison Rate... whats the catch?
Bonus taxed at 38%? Normal?
What cars had best miles rewards?
26/M/ New Zealand - Where to Invest?
Which cc has the best miles reward program?
Savings options for early retirement?
Should I deactivate my secured card after getting my first unsecured card?
Retirement calculator with tweakable parameters/assumptions?
Is there any reason to make extra payments on a mortgage if you think you can earn a greater rate of return than the interest rate?
Credit Karma update?
Loan against thrift plan?
How to get involved with the stock market as a Canadian?
I owe more on my car than it's worth and want to get rid of it. Any good options?
0% interest for "x" months CC and buying big toys? What's it doing to my credit rating?
Simplicity versus efficiency? All retirement in a 401k or split between a Roth IRA?
I'm a 34-year-old attorney with (basically) nothing saved and about 80K in student loans and 15K in credit card debt. Do you have any advice for me?
How do I make money using a large piece of land?
Are there 529 accounts for graduate education?
I'm a 27-year-old man with basically no credit history. Where do I even start??
Can a computer predict your financial health?
Gifted Stocks - Tax implications of sale?
What luxury purchase or life goal are you saving for and how?
Roth IRA or CD Account?
How can I pull ahead? 401(k) vs paying off student loans. Would appreciate some advice.
GF got into Xango and is losing lots of money. She won't get out. What do? (MX)
Buying renters insurance for the first time (FL). Anything I should know? Who are the best and worst? Any traps I can run into
What to do with savings?
Is there any real benefit to having an AmEx (or any card with an annual fee for that matter)?
Maybe some guidance?
I would like to start a franchise, should I wait until I pay off student loans or move forward?
Should I roll over the retirement plans from an old employer into my Roth IRA?
High Earner with F Credit Needs to Take Out a Loan for a short-term Educational Goal. Any suggestions?
[question] Can someone please recommend what debt-reduction calculator he/she uses??
Just turned 18, applied for a checking account at Simple Bank but was denied. However, I was accepted at Wells Fargo and Chase. How is this possible?
How to remove a parent from accessing an account at Wells Fargo?
I'm 44 and sick of working. I own my house (no mortgage). I can sell it for about $400,000. Would it be possible to sell it and retire off that?
Question about 401k withdrawal. How much cash would I be left with?
Is taking out shorter-term CDs pointless?
I will graduate in May debt free, what are some mistakes that you made as a recent graduate?
My first shot at a budget - would I be able to get a fresh pair of eyes on this?
With regards to personal savings, what more could I be doing?
How common is credit card fraud and how does it usually happen?
HSA account - Worth it to invest funds?
Fidelity Brokerage fees: are these high?
What to do after maxing out my 401k, Roth IRA, and emergency fund?
Is overcoming my current debt feasible or are there options? Should I go back to school?
What should my 401k be at?
Killing two birds with one stone? - Fixing my car and my credit
Why not max 401k before Roth so compounding interest takes over faster?
Help with moving?
I am have 100% of my 401(k) invested in one fund (not a target date fund). Is this dangerous?
Should I just pay off my student loans?
Contribute to 401k or Roth IRA ?
I have 100% of my 401(k) invested in one fund (not a target date fund). Is this dangerous?
Debt consolidation options?
I have 75k in liquid cash, 90% of which is sitting in savings accounts accruing &lt; 1% interest. What is the smart thing to do with the money?
How can I pay off my student loans as quickly as possible?
What do Americans spend on Halloween?
New company, no 401k match for 1st year. IRA instead?
Company contributes 2.5% to 401k, regardless of how much I do. How much should I contribute?
My credit SUCKS but I own over 100 acres of land... No One will give me a loan to make house repairs. Why?
Roth 401(k) at work. Options?
23M, will be an MD in about a year. No debt. How should I plan my financial future? (Norway)
What's the best way to explain that you can't pay the minimum payment on Student Loans?
Has anyone used Personal Capital?
Retirement account: rollover or refund?
Where to open Coverdell Education Savings Accounts?
Moving into my first apartment? (UK)
I need to take out a loan to pay my bills. How do I find a good deal on loans for someone in a tough situation?
XPost From r/Investing: Is AMLP A good buy for an IRA?
I had to setup 4 separate Vanguard accounts for my 401k rollover. Which one should I contribute to moving forward?
Roth IRA: When to contribute?
Soon to have a job making 60-90k a year, how should I save for an early retirement? (I am 21)
Help With Wife's Self-Employment?
Thoughts on "The Little Book of Common Sense Investing"?
Going from AMEX Gold to Platinum, any actual perks besides travel?
Will it negatively affect my credit to pay off my entire credit card balance (~$850) in one payment?
Where are we financially?
Best way to finance?
Can someone help me verify my math?
Besides a 401k and an IRA, what are other tax-deferred/shelters that one can use?
Should I invest on my own? or let my parents continue to manage my savings?
Finishing school, $364k in funds, what to prepare for?
I got laid off and am collecting unemployment. Should I take a seasonal job that pays less? [CA, USA]
Any advice for a 20 year old making decent money?
What do you plan to do with your money after all the dues have been paid?
What's a good return rate on a Roth IRA?
Simple IRA - Leave it or Convert?
What is the risk of high dividend yield stocks?
Can you pre-pay student loans before you graduate?
Federal Tax Exemptions - How much can I get away with?
I just started working. What are personal finance 101 advice? How and where should I get started?
I have a good credit score and good credit history except for one collection payment. What can I do?
Are 401(k) and IRA (or Roth IRA) contribution limitations exclusive of one another?
100% of Tax Return Going Towards Student Loans in Default - Can I Stop Paying Taxes This Year?
I've come into some money I would like to invest. How do I find an investment advisor?
Aside from house, car or loan what is credit good for?
Anyone feel like sharing their budget categories?
I'm going to pay debt collector in full. Safest way to do this?
Difference in investing in mutual fund vs. opening a Roth IRA with the same fund?
Can I transfer my Roth IRA to another bank and how do I do so?
$200k cash: invest or buy a house?
Taking extra allowances on a W-4?
What does r/pf think about Mainstay's funds?
Deceptive 401k statements?
Student loan accrued interest has increased my credit to debt ratio; can I do anything about this?
Can you open a second 401k?
Roth IRA with Oppenheimer. Should I move to Vanguard?
I have a subsidized Stafford Loan that I deferred the payments and interest on until 2030. At that time, I owe $8,800. What would be the best way to earn interest between now and then to ensure I can pay the loan in full at that time with as little cash invested as possible? Thanks!
Good mortgage calculator?
How much should I contribute to retirement given my net income?
Student loan interest tax deduction while still in school?
i have 3 401ks what should I do as best plan of attack?
What is the difference between Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund: Investor Shares (VTSMX) and Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund: Admiral Shares (VTSAX)?
Not allowed to pay off credit card debt, how do I keep the score from getting worse? will the card company work with me?
Getting rich while starting a family (husband, kids) - did YOU do it? (X-post from r/investing)
I think I opened too many lines of credit when I was a young adult. How do I fix what I've done?
Is there a fancy webtool for comparing semi-complex retirement options?
Existing employees not getting bonus, but new hires do... how to bring this up with bosses?
Can someone explain to me what I'm doing wrong?
Does the IRS care what you spend money on?
Buying a motorcycle - worth getting a loan?
How to pay for tuition?
Any tax experts or anyone who know how I can submit my W4 (NOW) that I can start getting close to my full paycheck and NOT owe any money?
What is the actual time period to contribute to a 401k during the year?
If an Obamacare (ACA) compliant plan caps out of pocket expenses at $6350 per year, is there any reason whatsoever to pay more than $529 (6350/12) per month for individual health insurance?
Rolling over a TIAA 403b from an old job...when she might be going back ? (US)
What's the best way to manage your budget? Spreadsheet? App?
Rich Dad Poor Dad--I know you all love this dude--skike. If a house is a liability then renting would also be a liability, so why not buy a house?
Rich Dad Poor Dad--I know you all love this dude--sike. If a house is a liability then renting would also be a liability, so why not buy a house?
Got over drafted when switching accounts, what can I do?
If on separate insurance plans, do you and your spouse each need a separate Health Savings Account (HSA)?
What is the conversion factor for comparing W2 work to 1099?
My small business just received a $100k advance, what should I do with it?
How Do I Negotiate a Better Price from my Plumber?
New job, which is best medical plan?
How possible is it to buy a house with 0% down?
Is it a good idea/possible to buy a house with 0% down?
I got my first "real job"! Now what?
Wrong filing status on first paycheck affect taxes?
Is there a benefit to having both a 401k and an IRA?
What are savings rates like right now? Where can I find a good summary.
Best credit cards for an American college student?
One payment for several loans?
Very young credit history. Are there any cards with travel benefits I'm eligible for?
High or low deductible health insurance?
Would it help to get another card?
My company just started offering a Roth 401K in addition to the traditional 401K. Should I split my contributions?
How do I powerbuild credit for my spouse with no credit history?
Is there a such a thing as a 401k without a vesting period?
Curious how I'm doing any advice on changes I can make? 401k
18, I get ~$800USD every month. I never spend that much, sits in savings account. Anything I can do to make it 'grow'?
Monthly Savings - What to do with it?
What does PF think of HSAs?
Will my risky credit card idea actually work?
Should I get a credit card? [UK]
I Bonds or CD?
Bought a house with a domestic partner. How do we split tax write off?
Is it better to pay down low-interest loans first or put money towards retirement?
Any tax refund identity theft protection success stories?
Mom is starting to give me money to hold on to for her. What can/should I do with the money she gives me?
Point of sale (POS) system suggestions?
What is Alternative Minimum Tax? Why would people use it?
What to do with an old HSA?
XPost from r/Investing: Should I, 27M Student, Married, be using a broker or CFP?
Trying to close on home, have random charge, bill collection agency out of business. How do I handle this?
Should I use a mortgage broker for my first house if I have 800+ credit and a stable job?
Best alternative (willing to pay for service) to annualcredireport.com?
Is it a smart idea for me to crank up my 401k contribution to 50% for a couple months?
Given my history and current situation, how quickly can I repair and build my credit? (story inside)
5 year old collection account; Pay it? Dispute it? Request validation of the debt?
Refinancing Graduate Student Loans?
Not sure how your financial advisor is paid? Not sure if he's a registered investment advisor or just a salesman? Look here.
pmi based off of loan amount divided by purchase price and not appraisal?
Does anyone here use a Personal Income Statement to track their finances?
I have more bills than money, what should I pay first?
Collection Agency Responded ... what is my next course of action?
Any suggestions on a credit monitoring service?
Cashing out very old stock that I inherited. Any advice?
Received a letter from a collection agency on a debt that has to be at least 13+ years old, if not longer. What do I do?
Should I get a second job?
Got a new job..what is a Cafeteria Plan?
Approved for auto loan at bank but declined at dealership. Never had an auto loan before. Why is this a problem?
Is buying a house a good idea?
What are some ways I can reduce my federal tax burden besides donating money?
160k on hand now for house in 2-3 years, how to invest?
How do I budget with an inconsistent income?
Hate my credit union and its secured credit card, want to leave-- how much will it hurt my credit score?
Wells Fargo is complete garbage. Where should I move my money to?
Moved jobs and now have 1099 income too. Am I on the right track?
Am I right in thinking most of my available 401(k) funds are terrible?
What do advisors think about doctors? Article from WhiteCoatInvestor - thoughts?
Do I need to increase my w-4 allowances?
In my mid-20s and I've never had a credit card. What do you recommend?
What bank(s) are you using for your cash savings and what interest rate are you getting on it?
Am I wasting time and valuable compounding interest setting up an emergency fund?
What do you say when people ask "What are you saving for?"
Using bonuses to fund retirement savings in early career?
Is it possible to contribute to a Roth IRA with only exempted (untaxed) foreign income?
Making just enough to be in the next tax bracket but a thousand. What are my options and should I be worried?
I am 22. I've invested a little bit of money in a 401K with my company for year and a half. I'm quitting. I have debt. Hard withdrawal smart?
Has anyone bought an investment property before they bought their own home?
Should I go with Vanguard total market index fund or ETF? Whats the difference?
I'm 19. In the military, and wonder, what are YOU investing in?
How does APR work?
How can I enter multiple, net pay deposits in a split, gross pay transaction?
Throw as much money as I can against my 35000k debt, or use my money to try and make more money outside of work (then pay off my debt)?
How can I best divide my "extra" money (savings, wedding, retirement, student loans, etc)?
Fix My Stupid: I bought bonds and REITs in my taxable account. Now what?
I have a collection debt with date opened 7/29/2009, should I repay it?
Is having a mutual fund manager a good idea?
Discount on YNAB?
What's an IRA and why do I need one?
Interested in opening a new credit card, but just got my first car loan 2 weeks ago. Will this produce too much credit drama? Should I wait a bit?
My company was acquired and our 401k is changing from Fidelity to Prudential. Should I try to roll over the existing 401k into a Vanguard account?
CC debt: Bal transfer vs. personal loan vs. just paying it off?
Pay as refund or payment for my loans?
What index fund to park money in?
What do I do with my cash?
How would I input this annuity into my calculator?
How did you determine your personal retirement goal?
Does paying off student loans build credit?
Am I doing it right?
18F moving out for the first time, can I afford it? Also a question about how to ask for a raise.
ELI5 Why Renting Is Sometimes Better Than Owning. In Which Situations Would You Rather Own?
20k in debt from student loans. Move out or pay loans?
$35k job, ~$29k student loans; taking two years off before going back to school. What should I do??
Moving out with minimum wage, part time job?
When to stop contributing to an index fund?
20, Unemployed, Not in School, and Just Received Inheritance. How can I make this money work for me?
Taking time off - can I afford it?
Hi r/PersonalFinance, how would you make finance 'cool' to educate teenagers? (xpost r/finance)
Paying for college, What to spend first?
Accepted a job offer.. do I commute or move?
My Credit Union being "absorbed" into another CU. What should I expect?
What parameters have you set for your childrens' trust if you die while they're minors?
Best private student loan lender?
Will someone explain tax deductions in relation to donations?
Going to be receiving royalty payments (W9/1099). Would it be better to create an LLC and treat it as business income?
Small Business Employer ending retirement benefits; Any alternatives?
401k- safe harbor vs. match?
My credit score took a huge hit - how long until it recovers?
Dear anyone who wants to ask "How long until my credit score recovers?",
Advice on where to keep my money?
Invest or Save? Coin-collection?
Do your utility (Hydro, water, gas) bills affect your credit score?
USA college kid doing a paid internship - What do I do w/ my money?
State farm just called me (at work!?) asking about a car I don't own - should I be worried?
Credit Card just started charging annual fees - Should I close it?
36/M, Married, 401K 6% match, What else?
How much monthly expenditure do I expect to make in retirement?
Is my boyfriend too cheap?
Graduating from college and moving to my first job, what should my rent budget be?
How do you decide which credit union to go with?
switching a 403b over to a low rate index fund,is it possible?
Is taking a 2nd mortgage on a house to pay off student loans a good idea?
New to investing, can someone check my math?
Spouse and I will be getting an 18% raise in income. As we get ready to relocate what are the best options to prepare?
Full time job and potential contract job...taxes?
Foolish to lease a new car right out of school?
My debt plan, help??
As a soon to be first time home buyer, how do I find the best loan?
20k in savings. Down payment on house? Or put into roth IRA?
42.5K a "comfortable" salary range in Texas?
A medical loan I was religiously paying was sent to collections. What can I do?
Young and have a high, but temporary, income. Totally lost. What to do?
Horded money I made from my college job. Whats the first thing to do once I graduate? ($11,000)
How Do You Read A Fund Summary and Fund Fact Sheet?
What % of my income should I save each month into my 401k and Roth IRA?
What way can I continue to receive my good student discount on my insurance if I study an online trade everyday instead of attend a college?
At what ratio do you make Roth contributions vs. traditional? And what do you base it on?
Do you pay or ignore charge-offs on your credit report?
Should I refinance credit card debt through LendingClub?
How to find a good accountant and financial adviser?
What do I do about a private student loan that's gone to collections?
[25F] With one credit line to my name that is barely a year old. My credit score is 750, how does a score grow that rapidly?
What's the best option for opening an IRA?
Financially irresponsible :-( Please help, I need tips or tricks to STICKING to a budget?
Wells Fargo doesn't want to take more money from me. Does this make any sense to anyone else?
What is the best way to save money for college outside of a 529 plan?
Using CreditKarma and it seems that i'm getting dinged because I'm not carrying a CC balance, is this right?
Can I get some advice on paying down debt/best way to handle it?
Messed up on Taxes - How Do I File for 2012 Now?
Alternative to TurboTax?
Should I get a loan?
Best options for repaying these huge student loans?
Whats the best way to save money ?(UK)
Should I buy my Car in cash or with a 12 month loan (I have no credit history)?
First 401K rollover - put in Trad IRA or Roth IRA?
What should I know before I refinance my car?
How many credit cards do you recommend keeping and for what purposes?
Whoops - paid off a credit card a week after the due date. How badly is this going to affect my credit score?
How is my current budget / what would you change?
Looking to buy a first home in San Diego within a year. Will have $70k for a downpayment, salary $115k, not married. Condo or house?
Which to fund more aggressively? Personal retirement, 401k and IRA, or kids' college savings?
Considering I have $2,000 worth of property, is it worth it to have renter's insurance?
IRS taxing me for inheritance?
Second career/back to school?
Help with Allowances on W-4 Form?
How much would you/did you pay to work with a CFP?
Two bank accounts?
Tax Implications of being gifted a car?
Just turned 26 - How am I doing? (CA)
Extra $100 a month, what should I do?
$25/transaction?
How much assets should I have right now?
Besides waiting, what is my next step?
Should I finish paying off my student loans or open a Roth IRA?
As a 20 year old university student what is the best way to invest 10k?
20 years old, I have 1k extra every month, how can I use it to make more money?
Is there anyway I can "hire" someone to help with finances?
Retired parents have extra $2,000/month to play with. What to do?
How bad will my credit drop?
I just started a new full time job as of November. What should my federal tax withholdings look like?
What would you do in my position? (Budget, emergency fund, loans, 401k, Roth IRA)
Is there any advantage to keeping US savings bonds when I have student loan debt?
is a loan against your 401k for a down payment on your first primary residence a good idea?
Fraud, how can I deal with it? (UK)
Best way to go about buying a home?
How do I stop spending?
First gen. college student; no idea what I'm doing?
For those of you in relationships, how do you deal with differing financial philosophies?
Simple IRA - wife is eligible for one...best place to start an account?
Previous retirement account earning flat 5%; should I roll it over into new 401k?
Where's the cheapest place to get a money order?
Maximize 401k or save for home?
Pay cash for taxes on stock award or deduct shares? [US]
Out of curiosity--where did everyone find their jobs? It seems like your high earning jobs are never posted to websites like Indeed.com.
Should I move across the country for a 50% pay increase?
Am I technically saving at least 20%?
Getting collections taken care of, where to start?
How much percentage should I save from my paycheck?
How much percentage should I save from my paychecks?
What do you think about an online fee-only financial advisor?
Advice on living on your own for the first time?
Strategy for entering a market/fund: All at once, or spread out over time?
Pay off the last bit of my student loans, or do something else?
20 years old, gross 22k/yr, where do I go from here?
Anyone have experience w/LendingTree or an online platform to submit for a mortgage?
What credit card do I get for a trip to Japan?
What fees are involved in a mortgage? (UK)
Any advice on how to diversify your 401K investments between aggressive, moderate and conservative?
How do I calculate my 401k and Roth IRA returns?
How stupid is it to take out 10k in student loans to enjoy my last year of university?
Any advice on moving to a new city without a job offer? (Besides don't do it)
Experience with VAs for bookkeeping/budgeting? An alternative to Quicken?... (outside the US)
Company has unique 401k, how much to contribute?
Any thoughts or comments on how taking the 23andme test could affect personal finance?
I'm invested in a Vanguard retirement index. If I decide, down the line, to retire early, can I cash it out early somehow?
Has anyone successfully lobbied for their company to change their 401k options?
For renters... what questions do you ask yourself when evaluating places to live?
what happened to /r/personalfinance survey?
Deplete savings to pay off debt?
Is my current situation ideal, or should I be looking elsewhere?
Canadian with U.S. IRA - tax filing requirements (CA)?
Sought debt verification. Now what?
Is it worth it to auto-pay bills via a credit card with no rewards or points?
I'm contributing 10% of each paycheck to my 401(k). The company matches 4%. What's a better thing to do with my money?
HSA vs PPO- which is right for me?
I have about $300 to spend in anything, so I wanted to know what is the best place to put that small amount to contribute towards my retirement?
HSA Account - Who do you have it with? What are the fees? [US]
Are there any tools available to determine Credit Score, after closing my oldest credit card?
My 401k Asset Allocation Options &amp; Expense Ratios: can I do better than my target date retirement fund?
I have a very generous family member willing to help out with school tuition payments. I'm not sure how to go about this situation. Do I take out student loans regardless, and pay them back, or avoid them altogether?
10K gift from my wedding. Pay down mortgage, student loans, or invest in 529 for my 1 y/o son?
Should I start my own Roth IRA?
PPO vs HSA for healthcare?
To refi or not? 30yr FHA to conventional 10yr
Bought a house for $220,000 house this year with 10% down. What will my taxes look like?
New College Grad with my first job. How should I allocate my money? Help please!
Anyone have any insight on company valuation and vesting?
As long as I pay them off is there any issue with having 3 credit cards for different rewards?
Applied for a Federal Student Loan Consolidation Loan that's in cert status. Would it hurt the process to forebear?
How many credit cards can I open up/close before being severely dinged?
Cost basis method - which one to use to redeem account? What taxes do I need to pay on it?
I have $2500, whats the best thing to do with it?
What do you think of having a home built?
Can someone help me with me with my ROI math?
I have over $14,000 in credit to my name. Should I cancel a card?
Should my girlfriend invest in 401k, Roth 401k, Roth IRA, Traditional IRA?
When you are added as a joint account holder on an existing credit card, do you inherit the credit history of that card?
Reject new credit card?
Will canceling my first credit card hurt my credit?
Car Advice: Keep it or sell it?
Investments as Emergency Fund?
I need a car for a new job but have no way of getting one. Any ideas?
A lot of bank records were recently stolen from me. What do I do?
My wife and I seem to spend a lot through the month and get worried with bills -- we make plenty of money to not have to worry. Will having a 2nd checking help?
My husband's work doesn't offer a 401(k) program. What should he do instead?
401k questions. Are target retirement funds OK ?
28 years old and interested in buying my first home. Any advice?
Pay off high interest credit card or transfer to 0% first?
Simple investing, what is one step above a savings account?
What is the best investment company to start a Roth IRA? (Vangaurd, fidelity, etc.)
Use Roth IRA as an Emergency Fund?
When credit companies sell your debt does it affect your average length of credit history on your report?
What made you realize you needed to make your personal finances a priority?
Does a rent deposit count towards net worth?
How to help SO with finances?
Should I sell my car?
Wife is home bound while pregnant, not sure yet if she's going to get disability, what US programs are available to assist us in making our payments?
If you can withdraw principal from Roth IRA at anytime, is it wise to store most of my emergency fund there?
Absolute Basics: How do you use a vinyl/plastic checkbook cover that comes with your checks?
Should I switch my bond/stock fund for an index fund? (3-5 year long term goal)
Is it possible to make a checking account without my SSN? 18M
(US) Need some help making plans OR what would you do?
Is there any possible scenario in which my PPO choice will be better than my HDHP?
New college grad. Help with choosing a Roth IRA! Or for that matter, what is a Roth IRA?
What crucial factors should I be considering when making my decision?
What exactly is the difference between Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF and Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund? And some other quick questions.
(CA) I'm a college students that has 20k sitting in GICs or TFSA. Should I be doing something else with this money?
Best brokerage for buy-and-hold investing?
How do you prepare for your family in the worst-case scenario?
Just got my first Credit Card. Am I using it right?
Any point in contributing to a Roth 401(k) instead of a regular 401(k) if I expect that by the time I withdraw to be at a lower effective tax rate?
How should I be saving for retirement?
Cancelling credit cards effect on credit score?
What should I do with my 29.99% APR credit card?
Is joining a firm worth it?
How is the best way to stop auto lease cycle?
Traditional or Roth IRA?
Will increasing my credit limit on one card affect my eligibility for another?
Are there any benefits to having more than 1 credit card?
I am 31 and want to start a Roth IRA with Vanguard. I plan to max it out every year. I want to be pretty aggressive. What should my portfolio look like?
Do I get to keep my pension if I am fired?
Is it worth it to upgrade my current credit card to Visa Signature card?
Was my credit card approval a mistake? (US)
Can I take a low paying job for a year to lower my income tax bracket before retirement/401k disbursements?
BNY Mellon index funds in 401(k) - no ticker symbol, little info available. What's the deal?
Quitting my first job with a retirement program - can I open a new Roth IRA with my balance?
I have been getting credit card offers from companies like Discover and Capital One. Is this a bad sign?
Is a health insurance plan with $12,700 deductible for $89 per pay check reasonable for a family of 4?
First real job. Should I focus on moving out, building savings, or paying off debt first?
Redditers that are wealthy. Help me get a few years of my life back?
Which is better: PPO (United Health) vs EPO (Kaiser)?
Are my expense ratios really high for my 401k? Can I change my funds to better ones?
Paid off engagement ring -- Close the account?
Joint credit card for building wife's credit?
I have no credit history. How will having a consigner on a small business loan effect my credit?
Moving out soon. Can Reddit help me get finances (more) in order?
[META] Interest in sub-reddit for credit related advices?
My mother opened multiple bills in my name while I was over and underage and left them delinquent; can I do?
So as a 16/F, what do I need to start doing?
Car was totaled. What is the wisest use of the insurance money?
Contributed $1500 to Roth IRA, withdrew $1495 a month later. Will I get hit with a fee for early withdrawal?
I just got hit with a medical bill from a collector for treatment back in 2011, I was 25 years old then. What should I do?
What are some advantages and disadvantages of max funded life insurance?
CreditKarma: What determines auto/home insurance score? Why did mine suddenly spike (~650 to 840)?
Selling home, have a solid amount of cash, what to do?
Advice and perspective needed: To live alone, or find a roommate?
Why am I getting denied credit from chase?
How do you select Mutual Funds?
Grad/Law student with an upcoming inflow of cash--save, pay off as many loans as possible, both?
About to graduate and have a lot of questions about taxes. Where do I even start?
Home owners: What fact/info did you gloss over when buying a home?
Has anyone dealt with Complete Payment Recovery Services before?
Wanting to buy house in near future, what can I comfortably afford?
Am I Saving Too Much?
How many CC's should I own?
Are townhomes/condo units worth buying for a single, first time home buyer?
Ever heard of Student Loan Defense? Or Consumer Protection Counsel?
State employee putting all money into 457 and Roth 401k, should I consider a traditional 401 as well?
Does signing up for creditcards (for the 'gift' they provide) hurt your credit? (CA)
Good credit card for first timer?
Newlywed finances: I have excellent credit, he has terrible credit. How should we proceed?
Rainy Day Fund achieved, now what?
How to handle lost check?
Should I join two credit unions?
Which loans to pay off first?
I have a credit card with a balance of around $11000, of which $9000 is principle and $2000 is interest and fees. I'm about to pay it off, can I get the credit card company to lower the $2000?
Can I afford to lose money?
How accurate is Credit Karma when analyzing your finances?
How many store-specific credit cards do you own?
30% on credit cards - is that 'balance' or total used?
Is it bad that I'm carrying huge balances($11k) on 0% interest cards? I intend to pay it off before interest.
Is it better to invest in 401(k) or to pay off my student loans?
Clarification on defaulting on a 401k loan?
Can your employer cover HSA fees?
First credit card - most efficient way to build up credit?
What should I do with $50k in cash?
Just got a small (&lt;10k) rollover into my open 401k account - what should I buy with it?
Need advice: what advantages do credit unions have over online banks, besides the convenience of walking into a CU?
Loan advice?
401(k) company match based on profit?
Can I change my withholdings after home purchase?
Do I need an HSA?
What do you do with previous employers 401k and Roth IRA plans?
Signed up for Credit Karma - Discovered late payment on account from deceased parent - What can I do?
Effects of settling debt instead of paying off full amount?
Should I sign up for the Discover It student card?
Considering getting Master of Science in Finance. Good idea?
Townhouse or Apartment?
Does you recommend a health savings account?
Best IRA Vendors?
I work for a OTC small-cap company. Am I free to buy stock on the open market?
Should I put money in my rIRA and pay off students loans...or just use all the money to pay off student loans?
Would you recommend a health savings account?
What other subreddits will help you improve your finances?
A chunk of money - pay off highest interest card or pay on more than one card?
How do I find a good financial planner? Also, should I have a separate accountant or are can I get a 2-in-1?
I'm in High School with a part time job, and I plan on going off to college within the next 12 months. What can I start doing now to better prepare myself for the future?
Banks for American's working in Europe?
Maybe some advice?
Multi-User Budget Program / Website / Web Application?
next step after emergency fund and saving up for retirement?
Can someone explain allowances and exemptions on a tax form?
What are some financially minded questions to ask in a job interview?
How to compare company benefit plans?
Good time to rollover Individual-401k to Roth?
Do any of you guys on /r/pf give financial advice as a side business?
What are the best options out there to start an HSA?
Does a corporate credit card affect my personal credit score?
Where do you have your HSA?
Asset Allocation: Am I Doing This Right?
How much is too much for a single individual stock in percentage of your monetary assets?
Do Negative Items Actually Drop Off Your Credit Report in 7 Years? Plus, Your Critique on My Situation
I Contributed To A 401k At An Old Job. How Do I Find Information About It Now?
What should I do with an inactive Roth IRA account?
I'm 19 and looking to start investing for the long term. Help?
Can I justify spending 7k on a new hobby?
20 Year Old Waitress-Savings Plan?
Is it bad to close credit card accounts, as in, do you lose all your credit history with that card?
Which spouse should enroll in flex spending account? The one with the higher or lower income? (US)
I'm 20 with $6k in my checking account and no debt. Should I start a savings account?
What is an easy Roth/Retirement account?
American living abroad (NL currently); What do I do with my money?
If I convert from a non-Roth to a Roth 401k, will this affect what is owed/returned on my taxes in April?
Worth it to get a travel rewards card? (And an investing question)
How's my 401k allocation?
Financial priorities for mid-twenties couple?
Is it a good idea to select my own investment options for my 401K rather than simply using the "default" option the company arranges for me?
My 403(b) options, Guidance?
Got a phone call from a debt collector about a "voluntary settlement date" for $500 hospital bill from 2011. If I don't pay, what happens?
As a 16 year old, is there anything I should do now?
Should I use debt arbitration services?
Which of these three cars should I buy?
Where do we go next?
I just became a millionaire, now what?
Apparently my bank overpaid me by $145 three months ago. They called today and want their money back - what are my obligations?
Maxed Roth-IRA. What should I do next?
How do I recover from abysmal credit?
Checked my credit report, everything looked good but a company opened a credit report in my name, I believe fraudulently. What can I do to close it?
What should I do with a stagnant savings account?
What is a good stock trading service to use &amp; some basic tips to get started?
How much savings should one have before attempting to use part of said savings towards building a business?
A plea for help - Can you please help me understand this (short) agreement?
Hello r/personalfinance, what do you think every recent college graduate would know regarding their finances? (Details inside)
So I asked my CFP what their fee structure is because he said he was fee-based. Can someone help me understand his reply?
(US) College student, want to get a credit card to build credit. Which cards accept someone with no job or existing credit history?
I recently became a member of USAA, should I keep Wells Fargo now?
Excessive bill from an ER(?) visit
I've got heavy resume items ranging from business to dance to being a medical professional. I'm in my first semester of college and I'll be 18 in a month. What are some ways I can give myself a little financial support?
advice on buying and financing a new vs used car? young professional
Duplicate hard inquiry from Discover Financial?
Who has gotten their debt reduced by creditors?
Can anyone tell me more about selling a life insurance policy my grandmother bought for me?
Effects of refinancing current mortgage if I intend to purchase a new home within one year?
Friend is stuck with ex-girlfriends bank account; what can be done?
Should I be doing my own investing?
Cease trade order on stock, now what?
Company got rid of pension! Now what do I do?
Best way to invest bonus?
Managing Mothers Investments?
Has anyone got any experience with Compass Investors LLC?
Care Credit or credit card for medical procedure?
How much should I really be saving and what should I be spending on rent?
Is a Roth IRA best for me? About to make the move so would love some final advice.
Pension terminated. Lump sum payment or monthly annuity?
[21M] How much should be be investing in my IRA?
Do I need to worry about my estranged parent's debts?
22, newly married, andready to start retirement investing - does this look like a good start?
What should I do with my student employment retirement money?
How long should I wait before applying for a change from a secured credit card to unsecured credit card?
I owe $2700. Last I knew, the debt had been passed along to collections. Next steps?
What % of my 401k in bonds?
Give me some input on a finance related blog idea?
Recently married, how to proceed financially?
Ive become a Boglehead. What's the best way to tell my friend/broker that I'm dumping him for Vanguard?
Traditional IRA not eligible for deductions?
Looking for a new checking account. Any suggestions?
CA - List of debts?
Dear personal finance. It's time to start building my credit to qualify for a used auto loan in 6 months. What do I do?
Am I missing out on Tax Advantaged Accounts?
Is it worth it? Girlfriend is considering going back for more schooling.
Did I mention I really hate having a car payment?
Looking into Vanguard. Are they trying to squeeze some money out of me here? (Investor vs. Admiral Shares)
pay off student loan asap or save?
I'm on my way to becoming 400,000+ in debt from medical school. Help?
Have you ever switched jobs and taken slightly less money for the possibility of much more money in the next 6-12 months? How did that work out?
Sell car to payoff credit card debt or continue paying down?
Financial planning - tools to actually run the numbers?
I screwed up. Didn't pay credit card off before no interest period was up. Any suggestions?
How am I doing?
Max 401k or aggressively pay off student loan?
Looking to buy first home. Does inherited land benefit me in this situation?
Need help budgeting for college. Also, how much much will my part time job affect financial aid for college? (Age 19, GA)
So uh... Can I try this again? First apartment, entry level salary, any help appreciated! (US)
starting retirement account at 18?
Received $10k gift - Should I split it evenly between debt &amp; emergency fund?
Credit Karma shows $6,000 in credit card debt, I've never had a credit card. Is it likely an error or more serious?
I'm 19 going to college - no loans - and working at Walgreens part time. My parents haven't taught me anything about personal finance beyond "don't spend money." Any tips or links for what I should be doing?
How does applying for a credit card affect my credit score?
My fiancé is 6 months into a new car lease for a Honda civic, should I buy out the lease now to own the car?
Any way to avoid paying auto insurance on a car I don't drive (but am still financing)?
What is your cash cushion made of?
Want to transfer funds from an HSA to an HSA. Downsides?
(US) What happens when your automatic payroll deduction contributions to 401k exceed the yearly maximum?
How much should I contribute to my 401k?
Any Vanguard IRA users?
Dumb question - Why do I need a credit score?
Downside to cancelling life insurance?
What should I look for in deciding who to bank with?
Can someone help me with a savings plan that is low to medium risk? I'm looking to stay away from high risk investments like stocks, but would like to grow my money as fast as possible without them.
Am I crazy? Did I make the right decision? (life insurance)
Am I thinking correctly here about the future? And is my girlfriend totally wrong?
Should I focus more on regular savings than retirement?
Will a Secured Credit Card Help Rebuild My Credit?
SO's contributions to 403B?
Can somebody translate this paragraph of my car lease agreement? I am considering buying out my fiances new car lease but can't figure out what it would cost/ if its worth it. Snapshot of dollar amounts included.
Optimal dividend investment calculations?
Does Financial Aid count as income earned for signing up for Obamacare?
Question - How do mortgage lenders view 401K withdrawals?
My mom wants me to lease a car ASAP, thoughts?
I have poor credit and I want to use a Credit Card to rebuild my report, Which card should I get?
My not-too-savvy friend will inherit $80k. Any thoughts on helping him avoid blowing it away?
Should I convert my SIMPLE IRA to a Roth?
What is the "expected return rate" for aggressive, moderate and conservative funds?
Obamacare affecting anyone's personal finances? How are you handling it?
How do I know when to sell?
Leaving job and have funds in 401k, what should I do?
Fresh out of college and employed. Where do I go from here?
Best way to save for retirement if self-employed?
Move Raymond James investments somewhere else?
My well-off parents have decided not to pay for my very expensive university anymore. What should my next step be?
Buying a house, living in it, then renting it? How quickly should I pay off the mortgage?
How much money is necessary to raise a family/child?
ESPP - leaving job within a few weeks - sell?
Just inherited a small-ish sum, not sure how to use it? (UK)
20 y/o, Roth IRA - ETrade?
HSA + HDHP versus HMO?
Are any of you certified as financial educators? What is your opinion of the programs?
I disputed a debt with a debt collector and I haven't heard back in almost a month, does this mean I won my dispute?
How should I pay for school?
Edward Jones?
I have $1000 to invest and 2 specific savings goals. How should i start?
Equifax reporting ~100 points lower to potential lender than what is shown on my report?
[HELP] Single Mortgage vs. Joint Mortgage?
Should everybody be investing in lifecycle funds or index funds or any other alternatives? Best method to be growing your money
Should I ask for an increase on my credit limit or get a second card?
Is it best to invest in lifecycle fund or index funds or alternate way to grow money?
How do you encourage someone to be interested in their personal finances?
Is it better to invest in life cycle fund or index funds or alternate way to grow money?
How do I find a good adviser?
Shopping around for an auto loan?
Using Social Financing (SoFi) to pay off Student Loans?
Should I accept $450,000 in debt to maximize my tax return?
When to refinance an auto loan?
I just inherited a municipal bond. Now what?
Was raised in a poor family that didn't think I would amount to anything other than manual labor. Now make more than my parents combined. Some advice?
Just had a credit card since July, need higher limit or a new card. Any advice, or should I keep waiting?
Why are my CreditKarma and Credit Sesame scores so different?
Which loan to pay off first if at all?
Question about credit card utilization percent?
Closing old cards/ opening new ones to raise credit score?
Citi Thank You Premier Credit Card or Barclaycard Arrival?
how a loan against my 401k is working ?
What is the budget of someone earning 25K income per year in the US?
No company matching, should I contribute to 401k?
Anyone have a Santander extra20 checking account?
Popmoney, what have you heard/experienced? and is it safe?
Going to come into 100k for investment purposes. What should I invest in?
Best ROI for $500 investment?
How are stocks different from gambling?
I have $5,000 for a car fund. I don't have much/any money after student loans on my paycheck to make additional payments. Should I buy or lease? What are the advantages/disadvantages of each?
Parents can't help, need to take out student loans for next quarter, but I don't know how or if I can?
Basically... is there anything I can do to make the hole I've dug for myself a little more shallow?
My boss is going to cut my salary - what can I do?
I'm almost eighteen. What should I do for a stable financial future?
Not sure where else to ask this. How do you manage information about all your assets, investments, bank passwords, ATM pins &amp; locker codes?
New college grad. (Graduated 6 months ago) Can someone answer a few really dumb/basic questions that I have about taxes?
PF, why don't you like to tell people how much money you make?
What's a backdoor Roth IRA? [Video]
19 year old ; what should I be doing to minimize financial issues in the future?
How many allowances do I claim on my W-4?
Do you ever feel the urge to put some money in silly investments or speculations?
Spend 50k+/month on credit cards, pay off after charge posts or end of month to avoid adverse action?
I got my dream job, but I wasn't smart enough to negotiate on a good starting salary. I'm almost 6 months in the job. Any advice on how to approach the boss for a pay raise/salary adjustment?
What salary would I need to aim for to pay off $100,000 in college loans (in a reasonable amount of time)?
Do I need to complete the 1099-INT form?
Just realized I'm using too much credit on my CC. How big of a problem is this?
Made the stupidest, crappiest mistake ever. Suggestion on fixing?+
I'm 23, over a year into my first job, and I want to invest my money but I don't know how. Any advice?
What overall total percentage (including company matching) should I be putting into my 401k during my mid-20's? Few questions inside.
The rule about 30% credit utilisation: does it apply in the UK as well?
Where do I put my money after I max out my 401k?
I have a small amount of money (thousands), whats the wisest thing to do with it? (UK)
I can no longer afford my car. Is there a way to get rid of it without paying off the lien in full at the time of sale?
What should I be doing to best prepare for our future?
When should I buy a house/condo?
Pay off CC debt or keep saving?
Those who are victims of the Peoples Trust security breach, what is your game plan? (x-post of /r/personalfinancecanada)
How Should I Prioritize My Student Loans? (Interest Rate, Balance, Federal vs. Private) Should I consider taking out a personal loan with a lower interest rate?
Worried about a career change. Am I hoarding too much cash?
Pay down student loans or keep an emergency fund?
What do you think about her views on time vs money and goals for a fiscal fast?
Got hired a year ago and opened my first 401k through the company. How are my allocations?
What would you do? (Vehicle Loan)
First time moving out, need advice. Based on my spending, is this feasible?
Is it better to invest in index funds or life cycle funds? Whats the difference?
What is a good Vanguard fund for a Roth IRA?
What should I do after I max out my 401k, Roth IRA, and HSA?
Credit card has not charged me interest in 2 years. No reason to pay anything over minimum, right?
What do I need to file taxes from overseas?
Can you just stay in school for the rest of your life and not have pay back loans?
Does the age of a savings account matter?
Am I paying too much in fees for my 401k funds?
It seems I've used much more than 100% of my Pell Grant Lifetime Eligibility. What should I do?
How would I go about getting back withheld taxes from paycheck due to clerical error?
Pretty sure that in my situation it makes more sense to contribute to a traditional brokerage account rather than a non-deductible IRA - thoughts??
Security Builder Plan with Annuity Rider. Should I keep it or would my money be better invested elsewhere?
Discover it or Costco AMEX?
No 401k at work, maxing out Roth IRA, now what?
I've been working abroad for 7 years now. It's about time I got to understand currency exchange rates and how they change and why so that I can better save my money. Help?
Is a Roth IRA a good choice for a resident alien in the US?
(US)(Student) Am I building my credit properly?
Finally paid off all my credit cards, canceling the high interest rate ones. With 790+ Credit Score, how should I consider replacing them?
Bullish Stock Market, need to put $5,500 in Vanguard Roth. Which Roth IRA fund for maximized gains for the short term?
I'm a healthy 22 year old. So I'm making the jump to the cheaper health insurance plan during my company's next enrollment period. Need help deciding to open an HSA. Is there any reason not to?
Does adding a co-signer with no credit to a car financing application hurt my interest rate?
How to determine gain/loss on old ESPP account?
If you bought a newly built home, what were your surprises?
Me from the outside - what do you think?
How do I decide which funds to use for my 401k?
Is there any reason NOT to do a backdoor Roth (for high income earners)?
I'm 22 with a $35k gov't job. Tuition/Loans, Savings, or 457(b)?
How's our financial health?
PF Newbie...What Do?
Employer defined contribution plan, I'm clueless -- should I change which funds I should be contributing to?
Auto Insurance/Hit and Run Scam? (x/post from r/scams)
$30,000 in medical debt. What are my options?
Bond ETFs in my portfolio. AGG vs TLT?
Just graduated college, landed first job, and I have been pitched Life Insurance through an old high school friend?
As a soon-to-be-24-year-old, how much savings should I have after graduation?
What's best for my credit score?
When is okay to take a lower salary?
My professor tells me that majoring in finance would require at least calculus in the math field?
Saving for college for my nephew, anything else I should look at?
Multiple retirement accounts- should I consolidate?
Can my line of credit limit be reevaluated without me having to ask/apply for a new credit line?
25 years old. Can you recommend me a basic budget?
Work doesn't match 401k plan- does it make sense to open with them?
What's the best credit for gaining miles/rewards on international flight purchases (b/w US and India)?
Pentagon Federal Credit Union (Penfed) 5/5 ARM Dropped to 2.625%, No Closing Costs. Is it a good deal?
(US) If I am buying my health insurance privately, but NOT through the health care exchange, do I still get the federal subsidy based on my income?
What happens to unvested stock when your company gets sold or bought?
I'm upside down on my mortgage. If it is foreclosed do I still owe the difference between the home value and loan? If not, then why not borrow more against the home and let it foreclose?
Anyone here know about tax lien investing?
Any advise on depositing cash to an online bank account?
What's a small recurring charge that isn't a waste of money?
Anyone else having issues logging into Mint.com?
Rent? Buy? Starter home? Invest? What to do before children goes to school? We live in the northeast
Planning to start saving 20% of weekly salary. Where should the money go?
Ways to get involved in the community?
Looking to start a rainy day fund. Any tax-effective ways to do so (US)?
Should I cancel my credit card?
Taxable asset allocation (and should I be doing more for retirement?)
My student loans need to be paid for a little less than a year before they are deferred again (grad school). I make $30k before taxes. Should I pay the $350/mo they are asking so they accrue less interest in deferment or apply for a lower payment and just worry about it after grad school?
I have around $40k waiting to be invested, should I just put it in index funds or is there a better option?
How exactly does Credit Utilization work and impact your Credit Score?
Why is having an underwater mortgage so bad?
tax loss harvesting is a good way to increase your after tax investing returns. agree or disagree?
Things to think about when moving in with S.O.?
Is there any way to backfill a 401k up to the max at the end of the year?
How to properly pay off my balance in full every month?
What credit card do I get? Any financial suggestions?
Contribute more to loans or start Roth IRA?
(UK) Just wondering if a Consolidation Loan could be a good option for me right now?
Fiance’s parents offering to buy property under his name. Yea or nay?
Alright, I'm taking your advice. I'm ready to buy $10,000 worth of VTSAX... Uhhhh, how do I do it?
My fiancé has bad credit, is there much we can do?
What are you go to arguments when trying to talk down a bill (cable/internet etc)?
My job has 401K match up to 6% and 4% pension. Should I do 6% and invest anything over post tax?
Can you get a Bank of America APR lower than 9.99?
I had maxed out credit cards for 3 years, and am finally out. Am I in good shape? What can I do to be better?
What makes Coin different from all the other one-stop shop cards in the past?
How much to pay for rent?
I'm a high-schooler, and interested in investing. How should I start with $80-$100?
I'm trying to find ways to lower my car insurance (US) any suggestions?
Job doesn't offer a retirement plan, so what's next?
What should a 20 year old with $500 invest in?
How much house can my wife and I afford? Looking for a rough estimate.
How many credit cards is too many?
Best order to pay off debts? (Update)
Hi, I'm a teenager with a part-time job. What can I do in the next few years that will help my financial future?
Do any of my credit card companies offer a soft credit pull?
Quit my job... what are my options with my 401(k)?
I've been a financial mess, but have gotten my act together. What can I do to recover?
Did i screw up my Roth IRA contributions?
"Skip a Loan Payment and Help Local Children" - Good Idea?
First time Redditor needs advice on picking State retirement plan or 457?
My dad bought his house for 382K in 2005 but the house is now worth only 292K, and yet he is paying mortgage on the initial amount. What can he do? Any advice will be much appreciated.
How does taxes after winning settlement money in a lawsuit work with hiring a private lawyer based on contingency? [San Jose, California, United States of America]
Home Equity Loan vs LOC?
Should I rent this apartment.. it's still being constructed.. or should I find an alternative/cheaper place?
Husband lost his job, no income, wondering if this is a smart move?
A decent chunk of money is hovering over my head, but I have to spend money to get it. Not sure if I should, or not. Any ideas?
[Can I Buy My Own Debt?? Banks Sell to Debt Buyers for Pennies...X-Post from Banking](http://redd.it/1r1h2f)
Can I afford a car?
If I can afford a car in cash would it still be a good idea to finance it?
Should I open a new credit card to improve my credit score?
How to get my wife involved in our finances more?
Consolidated Bill Pay Service Better than Paytrust?
Is there a site akin to Mint.com that will allow the user to manually add debts that are not attached to other pages?
Dept. Store credit card- count towards credit utilization?
About to open my first mutual fund. No idea what I'm doing! Any tips/advice? ELI5
I owe $1400 total, between 2 cards, should I get a 3rd card and do a balance transfer to 0% in order to avoid interest? And, can I transfer 2 different credit companies onto 1 new card?
Thinking about selling my car privately. Are there any pitfalls that I should be aware of?
Can I be doing more with my money?
Husband and I spend a lot. Too much?
Student loans with the gov, student loans with collections...whats a boy to do? please help
I need to learn how to manage my finances properly. Where do I begin?
Four different 401k's - should I consolidate? And how?
Just got my first job. Which Checking and Savings accounts should I go with?
Rollover 401k into Fidelity (with my Roth), or a new Vanguard account?
Should I live near work or commute 40-45 minutes to work?
401k: should I invest in it before I'm eligible for matching?
Seeking advice: My office is dissolving and I'm about to be unemployed; I have a small amount of money in the company's "profit sharing" plan. I'm being told to roll it over into an IRA...what should I know/do?
House buying goal: What am I missing, what more could I be doing?
Best way to check credit report OTHER than the free yearly ones offered? I used them earlier this year and want to check again.
(23/F) Budget Check?
Any good books for a graduating student going into a high paying field?
Sell car privately, trade in, or trade in with loan from bank?
Using student loans to finish my degree?
No-hassle credit card for building credit?
Would I have a chance of qualifying for a mortgage?
high(ish) income: save in 401k or backdoor roth ira?
Left low-paying tipped position with 401K option in May. Didn't have much in my portfolio. Put it in risky options and came back six months later to this. Where to go from here?
Can you guys help me understand company stock and what the best move for me would be?
Anything I should do before starting an account with Vanguard?
About to graduate, interviewed today, can anyone assist regarding salary/negotiation?
Just transferred assets to Vanguard. Sell existing individual bonds to buy bond fund shares?
Have an etrade Rollover IRA, is this the same as Roth/Traditional?
How do dividends from a whole life insurance policy work? The agent trying to sell me a policy is telling me that dividends from the policy are about 6%
Paid off debts but did not "pay to delete". What are my options?
Just left my job and went to an employer that doesn't have a retirement plan. Should I roll over my 403(b)? If so, into what?
Purchasing a vehicle - advice?
What factors should an investor consider when investing in corporate bonds?
Budget question: Calculate by week, month, or pay period?
Taking a pay cut to stay at a job you like?
Wise to pay off interest-free mortgage early?
Does anyone know about fees for replacing lost paper stock certificates?
If I don't plan on owning a home/apartment/car, do I need to care about my credit score?
Budget for first-time home buyer...any advice?
Should I transfer my Roth IRA from Fidelity to Vanguard?
Is it okay to get second credit card as a college student?
Moving to the US from Canada. Should I get life insurance for my dependents?
Getting Squeezed by Retirement Account - What to Do?
Any benefits of maxing out R-IRA now, over doing prior year contributions after the new year?
Experiencing a shift in priorities with student loan burden -- where best to place my money?
What credit card can I get that has decent benefits after Chapter 13?
Services like Credit Karma's "Simulator" but more personal?
$120K in student loans &amp; making only $30K/year...how to get out?!
Chance at being disowned. How do I prepare?
Way behind schedule, but I landed my first "real" job at 35. Now what do I do about my kids?
Loans + Savings = Leverage?
Can I afford to move out (22/m)?
First time being a contractor how do taxes and W-9s work?
How can I help my family, and should I?
How to report income from bug bounty?
What's the best place for a 17 year old to keep their money?
Rolling over 401K to IRA - does it matter where?
Help! Maxing out 401k and ira, now what?
I'm 17yrs old and make on average $40 a week what should I be doing now to prepare for my future?
I have excellent credit but my finances are chaos and about to get worse. Help?
Should I close my first credit card?
Should I purchase this fixer upper?
Can I afford a used Jeep Wrangler? 22 male working first post college job.
What is the best student loan payoff strategy to maximize my credit score and minimize interest paid?
Should I use my savings to pay interest on student loans that I've already borrowed, or use the savings to take out less student loans next year?
How many counter offers in salary negotiation? xpost from r/jobs
Should I close this credit card account? I have zero balance but they just charged me a $59 "annual membership fee."
What to do when your insurance screws you over? Any advice?
Accuracy of websites like glassdoor.com?
If my employer offers a Roth 401(k), is there any reason to have a Roth IRA?
Prime credit cards with older Ch.7 showing?
(CA) I'm good at budgeting/saving money, but I'm 23 and my dad has been doing my taxes/student loans my entire life. About to face the real world, have no idea where to start?
Applied for new card, should I cancel my old one?
I purchased my first home this year. What can I expect when I do my taxes?
Sold some stocks..what now?
HDHP HSA worth it in California? I need help, I have no idea what I'm doing
Can anyone recommend me a credit card to use almost exclusively for gas?
How much to bank before completely paying off debts?
If you reduce your monthly spending, pay down your loans?
I've been carrying a balance close to the max on my CC for 6 months, and plan on paying it off in the New Year. Am I in trouble? (CA)
Leftover student loan money and a career in public service...use it or pay it back?
Best way to save up money to start a business?
Is credit consolidation generally good, or could I possibly be making a mess for myself?
What do I need to know before hiring an in-home care-giver directly?
Mortgage/Escrow: Is it common for a mortgage company to pay your property tax bill at the last minute?
I just found out my employer offers a Legal Plan benefit. Does anyone here have one? Do you think it's worth it?
When to pay CC bill?
What do you suggest I do to get debt free ASAP in my current situation?
Roth IRA or Savings Account?
My boss is leaving to a competitor. She has interest in recruiting me. How can I leverage this to my benefit?
Should I completely convert my traditional IRA to a Roth?
What is a good way to estimate living expenses after graduating college?
First real job. High salary, higher debt. Some advice please?
Question about signing up for Silver Plan vs. Gold Plan when comparing Medical Benefits for family?
I have $10,250 in student loans debt, best way to handle my finances?
Want to pay down CC debt quickly, reduce retirement contribution?
When do you cash out of your speculative investments?
Is it possible for someone on SSI to get a secured credit card?
What is the opinion of Wells Fargo on this subreddit? Potentially opening an account and would love some advice...
For an employee, is this a good idea or a bad one? (Turn into an independent contractor)
Is it just me, or are starting salaries for college graduates really high?
Is there any way to loan money to so a friend and having a legal method to get it back?
Car broke down with car debt and no money for new car, what should I do?
Roth IRA from abroad? (some US income)
What is the long-term relationship between central bank interest rate and expected bond fund returns?
I am a sixteen year old making roughly $300 per month, what can I do for my future?
What to do with 10G that I don't need to use for a year?
I'm looking to refinance my auto loan and mortgage. Should I be worried about the impact of all those inquiries on my fico score?
Transfered to a new department at my job, they advertised a higher pay rate. Are they obligated to honor that?
Consolidate?
Hi guys, question on my student loan that says paid off but I never made a payment....is this for real??
Opening a taxable account with total bond market fund?
(US) Effect on credit rating if I pay my spouse’s credit card from my bank account?
IRA vs 401 Question - I wanted to roll over an old 401k into my new 401k and the person on the phone was pushing hard for me to open an IRA instead. Good or bad choice?
What to do with $250,000 in winnings?
If new cars depreciate so rapidly, why do used cars seem so expensive?
Credit score from Credit Karma: 633. Can I get a Delta AMEX?
Cashing out 401k to pay for school?
Contribute to Roth IRA?
Whats my next (credit card debt) step?
Am I on the right track? VGHCX Focus.
Is cash or financing better for a new car?
Currently 23, I want to see if I am investing correctly? Opinions and advice highly welcome.
What does it mean when your taxes get amended?
New to grown-up spending. Is having less debt more or less important than having a nest egg? I'm getting anxious.
Can someone explain to me what an ACH withdrawal is?
Ways to invest at age of 15? {AU}
Which financial instrument could I invest in that is relatively low risk but the price would rise with interest rates?
How can I start building credit?
Relative has offered to sell me a decent multi-family at cost - Can/should I take it?
Should I transfer colleges?
How do new credit card terms usually affect existing cardholders?
Is it better to max out my Roth IRA in January, or to add money each month?
Motif Investing?
Have you ever given alternative heating a thought?
Self-employed 401(k) plan rather than IRA?
How does getting a new AMEX charge card affect a FICO score?
Principal Payments on Student Loans While in School?
[US] Do I need another credit card?
Does anyone have experience investing in a condo with an existing tenant inhabiting the space &amp; paying rent?
Quickest Way to Raise Credit Score?
Just out of college, just got my first job. What smart things should I start doing right now?
Inherited $250k, is this a good plan?
Selling and purchasing a house on 2 different tax years?
Employer pays me from multiple accounts, how does it affect my taxes? (CA)
So what happens when you haven't saved enough for retirement?
Having dropped out of college a couple years ago, I have a bunch of paid for yet "unused" undergraduate credits. Would it be worth it (financially) to transfer as many credits as possible and obtain an associates degree?
Wife and I inherited 200k in investments. What should I do now? Interested in finding someone to help us grow our retirement.
I am interested in buying my first home. Does anyone have any advice/reading materials that could start me off on the right foot?
Do any of you "balance your checkbook?" If so, why?
[Serious] reddit: What is a relatively easy credit card to get?
have a 3-yr old $2400 charged-off CapitalOne credit card debt. clearing up my credit reports - better to pay-in-full, settle, or ignore it?
Savings for a sibling?
Authorized user, help them build credit?
Horrible credit score, trying to make things right next year, can anyone help with some questions?
I graduated university and found a job - now I feel very overwhelmed about my finances. Is it possible to live well on a $30 000 salary? (Canada) (sorry if I sound naive)
Is investing with Wells Fargo a bad idea? (Taxable Brokerage Account)
What am I doing right &amp; wrong, what can I do better?
Will adding my wife to my mortgage help her credit score?
Can someone check my financial plan?
Building credit. Is this a good idea?
Daughter created online gaming account in fake name, now receiving credit card applications. How do we stop it?
Just bought a house... Now what?
Is there a such thing as 'deductible insurance' whereby I can hedge against my having selected a high deductible health insurance plan?
PF, I have $35,000-40,000 a year left over. I owe 270,000 on my house. Should I focus on paying it off? What is the best place to park the money until I'm ready to pay it off.
Just got a call saying I'm in Collections from an old (late 2011) AT&amp;T bill. Recovered my login info and confirmed - not sure how I missed it, but will this effect my credit score/how do I minimize the effect?
Ideas for extra income?
Problems linking an Amazon store card to Mint or Creditkarma?
Has anyone done a successful mortgage modification through their mortgage lender? My modification through US Bank seems less than affordable. I have some questions
Have 50k to invest since my 401k rollover in a Traditional IRA in Sharebuilder. Any suggestions?
Has anyone here actually turned their parents over to the police for fraud?
What funds would you invest in?
Should I lend a friend money to avoid court on credit card?
Medical insurance: Does someone earning 65K need to go through healthcare.gov?
Grace period ending soon, how to make the monthly payments and still save for my future?
Does it matter if my budget changes month to month?
Maxed out Roth IRA and 401k for this year. I feel I'm out of tax shelters for 2013. Am I correct?
Any stories of times you've spent a lot of money against better judgment but ended up happy with your decision?
Credit Report Help?
If I wanted to start a Roth IRA, which company should I invest with? I see Vanguard all over this subreddit
Accuracy of CreditSesame?
Hypothetically, I invest $10K in stock A. Assuming it then doubles, should I keep it all in stock A, or put $10K in stock B?
Argh... fender bender with expenses half the worth of my car. Leave it as is or buy a new (to me) vehicle?
Big ticket wedding items - okay to use credit?
Is there a penalty for withdrawing money from a deceased parent's pension?
A way to pay? (CA)
How taxes work for me as a mexican with a BoA account? (MX)
How to go about paying hospital bills as a college student?
A rather bizarre credit problem... Phantom black mark on credit reports doesn't show up on my pulls for the three bureaus, but third party companies' pulls identify a black mark?
Will start earning more money than we ever grew up making, what to pay down, what to save, etc?
23y saving for house: Roth, Brokerage, or IRA?
Anybody know how to learn the basics of Charles Schwab? Just turned 21 and need to take control of my money
22, making 120k a year, no college degree/ college debt. Advice?
My finances are crap, but I want to get better. What should I do, personalfinance?
Brit working in the US. What are my options?
My credit score raised 39 points since opening an auto loan. Is it wise to refinance?
Question on acquiring new CCs with higher limits? What are the impacts?
Two names under one social?
Why a max of 25% of after-tax income towards a house?
When (tax year) to rollover 401k into IRA?
Options similar to 401k/Roth for a Canadian working in the US under a visa?
Advantages to having a USD credit card in Canada?
What is a W-9? What about a 1099? Do I need to be worried about these even if I make only a small amount per month?
Bitcoin - too late to join the party? (Please hear me out)
How do I get away from my impoverished upbringing?
Student getting first credit card. Any help or hints to get me started?
Pick your poison; Exchange currency or charge Credit Card?
How do I track down a medical bill?
Please critique my budget?
Accidentally had a student loan go to collections. What to do?
What is a distribution fee, and is it increasing by $50 a deal breaker?
23, stable job but no 401k offered (~29k/yr before taxes). No debt, but hardly any savings. How long to stick with emergency fund before IRA/mutual funds?
in the USA what is the procedure of withdrawing bitcoins and reporting earnings? (mix of r/bitcoin and r/personalfinance)
Paying off credit card early to lower utilization?
Lemons into Lemonade? The house we rent is being foreclosed on
Have I made a mistake in never getting a credit card?
How would adding a rated(or secondary) driver to my insurance policy affect them?
What constitutes an emergency to justify dipping into your emergency fund?
Any Insurance Shopping Tips?
Financial implications of new job?
How can I sell my leased vehicle in Washington state without us having to pay tax twice?
Platinum debit card?
15.7k Credit Card Debt-- Chase Slate a good transfer?
Should I pay down these loans or save/invest?
I have a life insurance payment from my mother that will pay out in 2017, But I really need it now. Is this possible?
Self-employed: can I "roll-over" my Roth 401k into my Roth IRA at any time?
Where to keep money when saving for a house?
When to purchase vacation/second property? help?
I have a 401k through my current job and I am quitting to go back to school. What are my options to do with money that I have in my account?
I have some loans that are eligible for Pay As You Earn and some that are not. Nelnet is telling me I can only choose IBR. Is this true?
Paying More than required each month-- applied toward interest or principal?
what is the smartest way to spend 120,000 for a train wreck in the eyes of the credit bureaus?
Five and Five: What was your situation 5 years ago? How are things now? Where do you hope to be in another 5 years?
How much should my paycheck be taxed?
What else should I be doing?
Where to keep vacation money?
How does receiving stock options at a private company you work for work?
Wife is on bed rest, waiting on Short Term Disability, what payment do I not pay?
What do I do with all my money? Radical suggestions welcome
Mistakenly opened Traditional IRA and funded with post tax income &gt; just converted to ROTH - what do I need to tell my accountant?
Why shouldn't I buy some SPXU today?
I have perfect credit score but limited credit history. How to build it?
I get a great match from my employer in my 401(a), but I keep it all in "stability of principal". Should I still be playing the market with that account?
Financing a Car - What's a reasonable interest rate?
How much of a car can I afford?
I'm 30, with a job, how much should I have in my 401k?
Should I put all my child's savings into bitcoin?
What is the best miles rewards card for the casual traveler (1-3 times a year) for miles in the long run?
Credit Cards: Yay or Nay?
Been lurking for a couple of months, now ready to receive advice of my own. I'm 19, in school, with mostly disposable income. What next?
Small car loan to build credit?
Help? 18 year old Massachusetts college student confused about health insurance and tuition.
What is the Best Secured Credit Card?
We're moving in together, should I sell my place? or rent it?
Do you save for many things at a time? How do you manage this? What do you contribute where?
What to do with stock?
Should I take my sister's advice?
Is there a service like Purs.io that's actually launched and usable?
Credit Utilization question?
5 month's into federal student loan, need a no (b.s.) credit card to build credit quick, any suggestions?
Has /r/Finance heard of Personal Capital?
Steady income, money saved up, bad credit... can I buy a house?
Steam Sale (US?): YNAB Half Off
Does anyone have a list of all of Bank of America's hidden fees?
People of r/personalfinance: Are kids always a financial burden?
Liquidate Roth/HSA principal to paydown mortgage (to remove PMI) and personal loan?
What kind of credit card is best for someone with no credit?
continue investing in high interest account or pay off low interest student loans?
Is top5creditreports.net legit? Friend trying to rent apt on CL (CA, USA).
I have acquired $90,000 in U S Bancorp (USB) stock. I'm thinking I should take some of this and put it in something else (other stocks, some mutual funds, index funds, something like that), diversify it a little bit. Is this a poor choice? If it's not a bad idea, where would you put the money?
How accessible is money in a Roth IRA that was rolled over from an after tax 401k?
Those of you who don't use apps -- why not?
(UK) I'm 19 and have saved £5000. How can I get the most out of this money?
I don't have a credit history, and I would like to build one. Any advice?
Should I put all my college savings into Bitcoin?
Any down sides to taking out a cheap student loan to pay off a more expensive student loan?
What's a good book to give a high schooler who knows absolutely nothing about money?
I'm a student and I have money but I can either pay it on student loan or a car, what should I do? (UK)
I'm a 19 year old with £10,000 saved up, can I get a ball rolling here?
How to choose a 403b service for university-provided money?
A little side project to manage my expenses. How could it be more useful?
Is there a way to transfer what I owe on a credit card to an interest free account?
Grad student, no opportunity for 401k or 403b. Should I open a Roth IRA?
Alternative loan sources?
Are loan payment deferrals a bad idea?
What is the best way to acquire frequent flyer miles?
Want to buy a house eventually—how quickly do I need to jump on the still-recovering housing market?
Bank or credit union? And how to get/use credit union.
How can I "simulate" how my finances and health insurance costs will progress if I get cancer or serious illness next month?
Will my Credit Score ever truly repair itself?
What's wrong with your current finance app?
Are there any negative credit consequences to calling my CC issuers and asking for the maximum credit increase without them having to do a hard credit pull?
Best credit cards available to someone with literally no credit record?
Investing in stocks a bad idea?
What should a 22 y.o.'s financial portfolio look like?
What is the best way (and when) to start becoming more conservative with my investments?
Really need some help with starting my Roth IRA. Am I getting ahead of myself?
Should I wait until January to max out my Roth IRA for 2013?
Assuming *terrible* credit, what credit cards should I apply for?
Am I being realistic?
What are some of the pros and cons of a GIC versus a Bond?
Looking to finance a car - how do hard pulls affect it?
Use student loans to pay off credit card?
Can you pay a rent security deposit in ETFs/stocks instead of cash?
How to pay a debt collector?
Will barclaycard automatically extend my warranty for my Macbook purchase?
I really don't know what to do with my paycheck and reading the bogleheads page has not been helping. Should I just hire somebody?
Afraid parents will squander sizeable inheritance. How to mitigate?
Bank denied me a credit card because they were "unable to verify identity of applicant." What do I do?
Hard inquiries vs credit line increases?
"No Credit Score reported" when signing up for checking account?
Giving someone else money for a 529 and getting the tax benefits?
I am 22 years old and have a bank account with a Federal Credit Union. What things does this kind of bank have to offer that should I be taking advantage of?
Sold Car - Pay Off Student Loan or Invest?
Just realized my marital status at work has been at single all year. What does this mean?
How can I optimize my finances?
What's a good retirement strategy for an early 30s couple with limited retirement savings but fairly strong savings potential going forward?
Just got a job and an apartment.. now I want to build credit but never have had a credit card.. which one should I get?
looking to help boost my credit score, any suggestions on good credit cards?
Why open a savings account if the APY is so low? What are the other benefits?
New to Credit Cards - Help?
(uk) Question about paypal chargebacks? I run a minecraft server and it is looking like their chargeback fees are going to destroy me.
Where can I find good discussion on bond allocations?
(UK) 25 y/o male - Recently come into a fair bit of money - How to use it?
How much does good tax help/advice cost? (US)
Anyone have any experiences with TD Bank?
Where/how to sell engagement ring?
2014 Federal/State Withholding Tables?
Should I stay at my expensive Ivy League school or transfer somewhere cheaper?
Impact of inquiry vs benefit of completion?
What to do next!?!
What to get my parents to do with trust money that is currently not invested or getting interest?
How do I spend my FSA on Amazon?
Got approved for a high limit credit card. Should I close my old ones?
Would like to buy a house in the next 12-24 month range. Whats a good strategy to get there?
What if I sign up for Medicaid and then get a raise?
Where to learn more about stocks?
Rebuilding credit - Would getting a leased car help?
What do you guys think about Limited Term Life insurance?
Brand new car was totaled. How much money will I get?
Can I make up for not paying taxes during the year?
Planning on getting married for Health Benefits? Any negative implications? I'm in Canada btw.
What's a GOOD pre-paid credit card or even 'universal' gift card (AU)?
Big purchase on credit card. Balance will be high for a while. How will credit score be affected?
I don't know very much about investing/saving, should I keep my (future) house down payment in mutual funds?
Why the emphasis on building credit?
What type of loan should I get from a bank for my education?
What is meant by "early retirement"?
Credit card won't up my limit enough - what are my options?
Is it possible to (comfortably) raise a family on a teachers salary? If so, how?
As a 29 year old, is my retirement fund where it should be?
Have ~2200 right now in savings accounts - no designated emergency fund, but expenses right now are low. Should I open a target date retirement acct. with Vanguard while continuing to save for my 6 mo. emergency fund?
How do I fix my credit score?
Old credit dispute hurting mortgage approval. What can I do?
going to college at 27, best way to take advantage of financial aid?
A little overwhelmed by the variety of mutual funds available to my HSA. Help?
Are there any disadvantages if I don't use my credit cards for awhile?
What are some great books for someone trying to learn about investing, personal finance, saving, stocks etc?
IRA?
Ally vs Bank of Internet?
Reopen an Unemployment claim due to not paid for Holiday? [Pa]
Am I dumb to trust Fidelity?
Canadian - where do I put my money?
[US] doctor added a bunch of additional items to insurance claim?
Taking on a new student loan (with lower interest) to pay off an existing student loan?
401K investing for non-Americans?
Is there any reason for me to put money in a 401k or anywhere else? 19 years old
Cost of living on your own. How long should I save and what can I expect?
Ideas to rebuild credit?
What happens to unused credit accounts?
How do I get my mother to stop spending money she doesn't have?
$295k to invest - but how?
Does leasing make sense for an old person who could be near the end of their driving years?
Traditional IRA for tax deduction, then convert to Roth IRA for long-term?
Will maybe get a 180 k$ loan to pay back. How can I organize myself for the eventuality ?
New college grad -- how to find the best rental?
How can I talk 1st Financial down from this awful 29.9% APR?
Should we contribute to 401k or save more for a house?
How can I improve my financial situation and find a higher paying job?
Where/how to obtain cheap/free checks?
Credit report has someone else on it under additional/other identities. How do I get this person off my report?
Buying a new car - Go for 2013 with 0% APR or 2014 with 2.25% APR?
I have about $6k in student loans. Should I pay them off in one shot, individual payments, or..?
Should I Help GF Pay Off Debt?
USA/Canada Dual Citizen - How to manage investments?
Best way to save for grad school?
In the US and UK - Budgeting in multiple countries?
FSA double dipping - is it possible?
Is there a site for finding auto insurance? Leaky.com shut down.
Personal Finance Idiot here -- trying to get on track. Could you take a moment to help?
Should I put extra towards loans or Roth IRA or emergency fund?
Medical insurance billing: What protects us against excessive billing, even with insurance?
Not sure where to ask this, but why is it so difficult to obtain your own personal credit score, and why isn't there a database to login and check it regularly?
Retired Redditors, what did you do with your finances to make sure you are retiring safely?
How do you figure out how much money you need annually in retirement?
Need help??? Build credit after defaulting on student loan.
Thinking of taking my ex-roommate to small claims court.. Is it worth it?
(Dis)Advantages to switching into a new manager for an IRA?
Any redditors retire "early"? If so, how did you do it?
Roth IRA or (non matching) Company Roth 401K?
How do I select ETFs?
American Funds 401k. Best funds to choose?
Do you get the benefits of compound interest if you don't receive dividends?
Buying parents house?
Should I take over my co-worker's car lease?
What do you think about my current financial situation, and do you have any suggestions?
First Credit Card, which seems the right one?
Question: How to plan for future income increases?
Sell stocks to pay debt?
[Probably a silly] Question regarding buying a car - pay in full or get a loan? AU (x-post from r/ausfinance)
19 years old, potentially soon moving out of an abusive family situation. Is it possible for me to live on $800-$900 per month?
What does it give a tax-free gift?
How do you forecast cash flows?
About to max out my 401k. What do I do with the last 2 paychecks?
Mortgage and student loan both at 4.875% APR. Which one should I put extra principal payments towards?
Any ways to get an international student loan for graduate studies in USA and/or Canada without a co-signer? (BD)
Most tactical time to pay off my student loan?
Is there some huge list of tax deductions we can claim? It's hard to figure out what we can claim.
What was your holiday gift buying budget?
23 y.o. grad student - how am I doing?
Impact of opening credit cards on credit score?
52 Week Savings Plan - what does PF think about it?
Having problems with Sallie Mae? Here's the direct # to their manager line.
Closing a credit card account - will it hurt my credit?
Has anyone rented out a basement apartment for extra money/ paying down house? Was it worth it?
Taking a loan and re-start my career?
Caveats for Roth IRA as emergency fund?
Graduating college with no debt, how can I maximize this advantage?
No response to my debt validation letter, what should I do next here?
Good time for a new car?
Marriage in 2013 or 2014?
Paying monthly loan payment early to reduce interest?
What do you guys think about banking with Simple? Does anyone have experience with them?
It's time for a year end evaluation. I've had my job for six months. Appropriate to ask for a raise, or too soon?
Converting a 401K to a rollover IRA with after tax contributions. Can I split it into a Traditional IRA(for pre-tax contribution) and a RothIRA( for the after-tax contributions)?
Question about credit card application. Should I apply for multiple at a time?
Will canceling this card affect my credit score?
About to graduate. Now what?
Does a bank report the interest earned on EE savings bonds?
Lookup how many inquiries to credit report?
28 years old, spent the last 10 years screwing up my credit. What are the first steps in fixing this?
How do me and the wife figure out what went into collection?
Graduating and in desperate need for money. Any suggestions on a quick loan?
I'm 18 and thinking about Credit Cards?
Applying to school tomorrow! (CAN) How to manage my money?
Can someone help explain this credit score simulation?
Saving up to travel for a few years travel abroad, any advice?
Employee Stock Options?
What bank should I use for my Solo 401(k)?
Advice for someone who just got a job offer in a new city?
What would you do in this situation? (CA in AU)
Best way to save/invest?
I just missed one payment on my credit card and I am trying to buy a house - am I screwed?
What spreadsheet do you use for budgeting?
I recently inherited about half a million dollars. How long should I wait before I make any decisions about what to do with it?
Question about consolidating loans. WF gave me a line of credit loan for 16%APR whereas my CC is only 13%. How am I saving money according to WF?
Have I been budgeting wrong? Trying to use Mint
Go to university straight out of Highschool, or work for a year?
Wife is about to be eligible for her 401k at work, what is the best course of action?
Question about stock basics? Websites/books/etc. Just started as stockbroker. Would love to learn outside work. Help?
What are options worth if your company never goes public?
Upgrading credit card?
Can I purchase a laptop for school with my 529 fund?
I have approximately $5,000 in a 401k with a company I no longer work for. What do I do with it?
How do you negotiate your first salary?
How can I use my Credit Card to build Good Credit?
When would be the best time to apply for a mortgage for a small business owner?
Personal budgeting &amp; forecasting (software?)
I'm a VP manager at a community bank, formerly with larger banks. I am 100% for consumer rights, especially in banking. How can I help?
Young and dumb?
Applied for two cards from Barclaycard. Accepted for one, but denied the other. How long should I wait to reapply?
Any way for a 17 year old to take out a loan without a co-signer?
Stock Options - How much of the company do I own?
Should I keep my car loan away from the bank I bank at? (x-post from /r/investing)
Is this a good credit card for me?
Is there a way to bypass the credit check when renting an apartment?
Are there legal concerns with staying on parents' health insurance even with full time job offering insurance?
Difference between ETF and Mutual Funds?
I understand saving/investing and being smart with my money. I need to put myself in a position to make more money. Any help?
About to get an inheritance, how to invest it?
Remaining Attached to Parents' Auto Insurance Policy after Age 26?
The best way to help someone just starting out with budgeting?
How to file taxes for a freelancer that works on many jobs a year?
I was sent some balance transfer/direct deposit checks from a BoA credit card I have. Is this as good as it seems or am I not understanding the fine print?
Pay off student loans with money in bonds?
What benefit do I get from an IRA at very high income?
Old paid collection, just noticed it on my credit score. Now what?
Can a collections add inrerest?
Sallie Mae offering to settle $22k in student loan debt for a $10k lump payment…how can I make that happen?
I need to get loan, how do I do that?
Have just $250 to invest and clueless - Ideas? Advice?
How do you know where a dividend deposit is coming from?
Emergency Fund: Should I put in a safe mutual fund instead of sitting in a low interest savings account?
Best credit card for travel/air points?
Continue to pay down student loans or make minimum payments and qualify for 2% rate reduction?
Should I roll my old 401k into a Roth IRA as a graduate student?
Advice: Put all money into paying off student loans, or save some to invest?
What's the r/pf consensus on I Series bonds?
[U.S.] I'm saving money for down payment on multi family property, should I keep funding ROTH IRA during this saving phase?
[U.S.] I'm saving money for down payment on a multi-family property, should I keep funding ROTH IRA during this saving phase?
Whats Better For My Mortgage Payments/Savings?
Recent college grad with a new job and few expenses (living at home), how do I proceed in creating a personal financial plan? I am clueless when it comes to personal finance and money management.
Student Loan - FINISH IT vs steady as she goes? (CA)
Where to put funds destined for a down payment on a home?
I have $275 extra every month. What should I do?
How do i handle an overdraft fee from amazon?
I'm looking into buying my first shares - what advice would you give me?
Credit card account closed and then re-opened, made my credit score drop. Help?
Noob Question: Identifying Asset Class Based on Ticker Symbol?
Can I open a joint personal checking account with someone in a different country?
Charge-off, Paid in full on my credit report; can I get this removed?
Question on Gross/net expense ratio?
[Pointless] What causes credit card transactions to be "Pending" for multiple days?
Should I Cancel my Corporate Credit Card?
How much credit via credit cards do you have access to, and what do you have on them?
Proper budget for 28 on - 28 days off schedule?
Recommended discount brokerage for lifecycle funds?
Someone tried to open a card in my name. What are my next steps?
Quitting a second job to avoid higher tax rate?
Is it worth getting permanent life insurance since your family is guaranteed a payment upon your death ?
How much company stock is too much?
My spouse and I both have Roth IRAs... should we be doing different things with them?
What's the ideal strategy to sell a paper stock certificate from a pre-IPO company?
How are people claiming &gt;1 on their taxes without any dependents and still getting a return?!?!
Solar Panels. Worth it?
Sell/Trade-in my car?
Trying to figure out a game plan, newly employed, what would you do?
Pay off car loan or have a larger down payment on a house?
Pay off Stafford Loans and/or Roth IRA?
Am I reading this wrong?
First Time Buying a car - A healthy case of buyers remorse or should I take action?
For student loans, at what interest rate would you not bother paying it off early?
Should I cash my savings bonds to pay off student loans?
Negative review of Floating Rate Debt Funds. Is this still accurate? They seem like a good bet right now.
Possibly stuffed / B.S. medical bill - what to do?
Sixteen year old with an 8.50 part time job... how can I make more?
Any tips for the first time buying a car?
What should I do if I max my 401k?
/r/PersonalFinance, how would you do it all if you were 20 again?
My SO has debt in the amount of about 30K accumulated over the span of a relationship with an ex. She ran a lot of it up on cards in his name but has said she'd pay him back. Nothing from her yet. Is it possible to take any legal action to recover some of the debt?
Should I open another credit card or two?
is 70% pre-retirement income really necessary?
My oldest line of credit was closed without my knowledge. Is my credit screwed?
[moron question] How exactly does withdrawing from a Roth IRA affect the contribution limit?
Having a small dispute with my personal banker. Can someone tell me who is right?
New wife's condo is underwater, hold or dump?
20 years old, and I've got some excess money lying around in my savings account, which provides a pitiful interest rate. What are my other options? How should I invest at this age?
We have a 6month emergency fund sitting in an account that earns 0.5% interest. Where should we put it?
How to record $10 free "appreciation card" in accounting software?
New Yorkers of /r/personalfinance, if one were to work in Manhattan, what would be the furthest he/she could live without having a commute from hell?
I accepted an offer at a job with a 4% dollar-for-dollar 401k match. Can someone explain this to me?
Should I hold on to old financial statements? How do you archive yours?
Any downsides to using Fidelity BrokerageLink with my 401(k)?
First real job. Where to start putting money?
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Too good to be true, or is it really that good?
Dividend paying stocks?
I've swam with debt for years now without the income to slowly repay it. Should I finally give in and file bankruptcy?
Putting tuition on a credit card?
My sister somehow managed to get a $20,000 loan. She doesn't work. How is this possible? (AU)
Freelance/Self-employed. What are my 401k alternatives?
Can anyone tell me why my credit score went down?
Where to open a Roth?
Cannot bring self to spend savings on owning a property. How can I overcome this?
Parents took school loan out for college, I'm paying them back. Can/Should I give the payments as a 'gift'?
Ok to carry student deby if yearly interest = max federal income tax deduction?
401k/IRA questions. Investments allocated properly?
Anyone ever have a credit card company not honor the terms of a promo offer?
Drawing your 401k or other short-term saving options?
Switching Banks: Cancel Credit Card at Old Institution?
Does anyone know how I can find my Sallie Mae loan(s) terms?
If I roll a Roth 401(k) into a Roth IRA, can I withdraw the contributions without being penalized?
Is it okay to have Roth 401k/Roth IRA, and switch contributions to traditional?
Hey /r/personalfinance, what is your most used credit card and why?
What are your 10 PF bullet points?
Book suggestions?
Is 20 months too short of a time to make a worthwhile investment?
How much does your average low-end car cost monthly, in both financing and associated expenses?
Newborn son. Best college education fund my wife and parents can contribute to?
I just got a few shares from my company. What now? (GER)
Am I "living above my station" if I buy this vehicle? Need some objectivity.
(UK) I'm terrible at budgeting and have a slight gambling addiction. How can I manage my student loan?
Would it be ok to open a Roth IRA without a 401k?
IRS claims I owe additional taxes. But I don't think it's correct, can someone explain for me? (About RSU stock vesting)
How much financial sense would it make to transfer colleges?
The first step is admitting I need help. What am I doing wrong?
I am debt free and have a safety net in place, is it time for me to start doing more with my money?
(US) The more I read, the more unsure I am about what to do about 6+ year old debt and other items on my credit report. Help?
Safe investments for a 51 year old?
Any advice? What to do now that I'll be debt free.
I haven't had a credit card in years, but I want to get one and build my credit - what's the best one to get?
Did I get ripped off in my car contract?
New grad, how to pick asset allocation?
Found a pretty neat tool for Amazon pricing history....does anyone know of other great sites or extensions?
(CA) is an MBA worth it?
Paying off charge-off?
Graduating with a job and loans. Care to critique my repayment plan / budget?
Cheap, yet reliable unlimited phone plans?
What does your budget look like percentage wise?
Take out loans, or pay for school with savings?
Happy Problem, What Would You Do?
Favorite Vanguard Fund?
Pay off student loans, car loan, or invest?
Is it worth investing in a Roth IRA?
Bank with no fees and quick availability of deposited check amounts?
How to Invest When Saving for A House?
Whats better to reimburse first ?
Which credit card can I qualify for to score some points on home improvement purchases?
Should I apply or should I wait?
College Fund Questions?
Estimating car value in Mint?
Am I trapped making high car payments for 6 years, or is there any hope for a this poor sucker...?
What will help pay for a private college for graduate school if my family is middle-class?
Is there a more feasible car option?
Pay off car loan, save for college, or invest?
Car Loan + School Loan + Need to start an IRA?
Parents left large sum of money ($650k) + house ($205k) What long term investments should i be looking into? I just need some help to maximize this. (canada)
Best online / mobile checking account?
Best way to go back to school and save, while working full time?
22 years old and out on my own. Can you give a young man some advice?
ELI5: Vanguard World ETF vs LifeStrategy 100% costs?
Best way to go back to school and save, while working full-time?
Money problems: Can you give me advice?
My charitable giving plan. Your input?
So Many Directions!! What to Do?!
Buying a car w/ poor credit: Pay off delinquent accounts vs larger down payment?
My CD is maturing in February. Should I renew?
Are savings accounts worth it?
Filing chapter 7, how to rebuild my life the right way once I'm past this?
Can I afford my dream apartment?
How can I get off on the right foot?
ELI5: I put off doing my taxes and forgot, what do I do?!
To improve my credit score, should I use each card every month or just use one? (US)
Mid 20's. Money? Babies?
Is it possible to have TOO much credit?
Mortgage bi-monthly payments?
Just received taxable income letter from IRS about cancelled debt, can anyone answer a few questions? [USA, NC]
Who actually uses a Swiss bank account?
Where to buy stock?
I have 50K, and only need half of that for an emergency fund. What should I do with the rest?
I believe I'm truly terrible at evaluating all of my purchasing options when I have some spare cash... how do I decide what's important to be without overspending or regretting my decisions?
Signing a mortgage joint or single?
Domestic stock portfolio composition (small cap, mid cap, large cap?)
Why don't more people invest in the stock market?
Can I replace my crappy loans with better ones? (Is this consolidating, refinancing?)
Forming an investment LLC with your family?
Invested Backwards and in a weird (but good) spot. PF's thoughts?
Traditional IRA - Roll over into Roth IRA, 401k, or leave as is?
Planning to buy my first home in the next 5 months, what do I need to know?
Can I afford a $1100 a month apartment?
Did you do the 52 week savings challenge?
Depositors in money market mutual funds can often write checks against their balances?
Should I look into a better bank?
Tips For Starting Out? (About to graduate w/ BS Finance in US, no debt, want to get off on the right foot)
I just inherited $23,000. How should I spend/invest it?(x-post Frugal)
Should I use an old 401K account converted to a Roth IRA to help pay down my student loans?
Your thoughts on organizing a family trust?
Better to save as much as you can or actually have a savings goal/budget?
401k perks for business owner?
Investment trust, pension plan, what should I do with this extra money? (ES)
Did I do good with my stocks investment?
Hey /r/PF! What's your opinion on an 80/20 mortgage?
(USA) So I have an emergency fund that I would prefer do a little more work for me. Is there any way to put that into my mortgage but also keep it liquid just in case?
Am I properly investing my money by only buying funds?
I contributed to a 401k plan from 1987 to 1987. Then I stupidly abandoned it. I can’t find it. Can anyone offer suggestions? (X-post from /r/investing)
How can I balance my finances? Can I still save money with the finances I currently or will currently have?
Should I quit my second job?
Leaving job mid-2014. Adjust withholding?
How would you get a teenage girl interested in personal finance? (AU)
Paid once a month, how to work it?
Can I take out a mortgage with a huge down payment (&gt;50%)?
Need to take out a loan for next semester. What are my options/where should I look?
Re-Fi car under my name only to get mortgage?
Where do put your money while the market is high?
Being kicked out of my parents house, will this work?
Knowing what you know now, what would you have done with $40k at 20 years old to better prepare your financial future?
[CA]My credit card company cancelled my card without my consent. What can I ask for in terms of compensation?
How can I invest for my niece and nephews future?
Sell stocks to take advantage of 0% Capital Gains tax?
What's a high enough salary to relocate to NYC from the Midwest?
Possible to open up Roth and not contribute? Worth it?
22 year old college senior looking to start building credit: What should I look for in a credit card?
Setting up a personal corporation?
How much should one invest in company stock?
I'm 22, working retail, how much should I be saving?
Non US citizen and 30% withholding tax, is it still worth it to invest into Vanguard?
401K allocation - is there any reason I shouldn't put my money in one of the target funds?
Tax Withholding during OT. Was it a smart thing?
My CC Balance/Limit Ratio Isn't Great. Will a New Credit Card Help This?
$220K in student loan debt-- do I consolidate?
Home buying: How to deal with unresponsive agent?
What should I do with an extra $13k?
I really suck at saving money. How do you motivate yourself?
Isn't The Market Inflated Right Now?
Bank switching CC company-time to cancel?
No idea if this is even possible but here it goes. My dad has bad credit from losing houses in the mortgage crisis but we are doing better now and want to buy a house, dad says he has the money but not the credit. Anything we can do?
Employee Stock Options At Privately Held Company?
How do you guys feel about a Charles Schwab checking accounts?
I'm a college freshman / aspiring pre-med with no loans or major living expenses. It recently came to be that I will receive approximately 16,000 USD in monthly installments over the next 7 semesters. How should I handle it?
Invest in a home, or the stock market?(US)
Suggestion for paying off an old debt?
How to track and measure return?
Is there anything I should be doing now to maximize my tax refund?
Financed car was totaled in an accident. Do I need to wait for my insurance company to pay off my loan before buying a new car?
24yo, decent job but no credit history, which credit card is right for me to start building credit?
To sell or not to sell?
What should I be investing in as a recent grad with a low income?
How to turn 10K into 12K in the next 2 years?
Selling 160K worth of a single stock, what would you do?
I am using the same Vanguard target date retirement fund for both my retirement and non retirement accounts. I saw the link to "Principles of tax efficient fund placement" and I understand I should probably change some things, but I am a bit lost. Can anyone help?
Buy a house cash?
Brother and I inherited $150k each. Best way to invest/steps to take?
Closing a Money Network card in my name?
How does credit card usage affect my credit?
Is high yield checking still a thing?
Should I use money from an inheritance or some other lump some of money to pay off my mortgage?
Experienced Investors: Is there a calculator to determine whether maxing out a 401k is more beneficial than contributing to a taxable account?
Should I do the 401k thing?
Put entire bonus in traditional 401k or roth 401k? Tax implications...
Financial advice for a mid-20s Canadian (investments, RRSP, TFSA?)
How much do I put aside for taxes?
I bought a used car 2 years ago for $4000, and have had to make repairs costing $900. At what price point does it make more sense to sell the car instead of continuing to repair it?
Is it a bad idea to have my wife's father, a tax accountant, handle our taxes?
Is there any way to cancel overdraft fees with Wells Fargo?
Company wants to offer 401k but no match, but I make over 115k, is it even worth it?
24 Years old, just paid off my student loans. With only a car loan left, I'm looking to buy a house soon. What should I do given my financial situation?
Stolen check cashed. Who is on the hook? Any actions I should take?
The stock market is at an all-time high! What do I do?
Can you rate my budget?
Is it safe to give out my checking account # to an individual/third party?
What is the best path to early retirement?
[Help!] How have you paid off credit card debt?
How to rebuild damaged credit?
New employer wants me to choose 401k Options. Where to start?
Anyone use Lemon, thoughts &amp; opinions?
What's to stop an FI from closing your account and taking your money?
H&amp;R Block is giving me the runaround regarding a "peace of mind" claim. What should I do?
What's the best way to go about consolidating debt, and what are some legit places to get a debt consolidation loan?
What's the best way to leverage a new job opp for more money at current job?
I am 15 and my school does not teach Finance, please help?
[Video] Does the 4% Rule Still Work? Interview with creator of the rule (Bill Bengen) and current researchers (Wade Pfau and David Blanchett)
How do credit/debit card thieves make online purchases without knowing the correct billing address?
How can I make money work for me? (22 year old graduate ~17k saved up)
Best way for enhancing crowdfunding?
Which bank? Simple, Ally or other?
Why do I keep on getting rejected by credit card companies? [US]
How do I turn 50k into a lot more?
Retirement by mid-40s?
Australian Graduate with $9k AUD savings. Litecoin investing an option?
What is your best budgeting advice?
Good financial adviser in the UK? (UK)
30k in the bank ~50k tied up in the market, what should I do?
Should I use a Financial Advisor or go it alone?
Concerned about refinance offer. Is it a scam?
How does repaying student loans early effect credit score?
Wait for Company Car or Finance 2nd car until then?
Out of work on Dec 31st. What to do with severance pay, PTO payment, 401k?
Should I charge something monthly to credit cards I wouldn't normally use?
Can I still contribute to a Roth 401k if I'm above the income limits for a Roth IRA?
How to allocate retirement savings at new job?
What should I start doing right now in preparation for grad school?
20-year old's retirement plan. What should I be doing?
Weird ? Credit card Balance Payment Insurance letter from AMEX (CA)
The Bank of America Cash Rewards card offers a 10% bonus if you redeem your rewards to a BOA account. What are some other cards that offer similar bonusses?
Just got married this year (May 18th), should we file Married on taxes?
How much does obamacare cost a year? (28yr old male, single)
Classic 105?
Credit card offers with wrong first name?
How best to write off moving expenses?
What do I do about a spouse who isn't frugal?
Do I have to Roll over my old employer's 401k account?
Help with my budget for unexpected doctor's bills/out of work? (Full monthly bills inside)
How should I invest 20-30k?
Is there such a thing as saving too much for retirement in tax-deferred accounts?
I just recently agreed to a settlement from my credit card company. How fucked is my credit?
With a major credit card, what does 9.9% interest really mean?
Pay off the Mortgage early and wipe out savings?
Is this a good plan?
What should I be doing, and what should I be doing better? And how should I deal with contract work, I want to retire early/be able to do my own work!
Can I/should I quit my part time job as a college student? (Long text, sorry)
I'm new. Is this normal?!
Overpayment/refund from law firm representing debt collection agency. Legitimate windfall or yet another ploy?
Do most high-net-worth individuals manage their finances themselves, or do most have an intermediary such as a financial planner?
How long does it take for a preauthorization to go through?
Away from US for a year: keep making car payments or sell it?
Mother swindled by debt management company. Should I hire a lawyer for her or is it a lost cause?
How do I dispute 2 delinquent charges on my credit cards?
Potential danger?
I am 24 and uncertain about the future. How do I buy/invest in property?
Keep credit card and change rewards. Possible?
What to do with 401k money from previous job?
Considering Purchasing a Home...or Not?
Pay off loans or save for down payment?
Do you put international funds in your 401k?
Received cash gift from Chinese Nationals, ok to deposit in US bank?
Out of medical school in about 3 years with a projected debt of 250k with interest accruing as we speak. I have about 35k saved up. I want invest and hold for 10+ years. Can anyone give me advice?
As an American who would love to live overseas, can I get some advice on how to do so?
(AU) Which should I work towards paying off first, credit card or loan?
Sell or keep gold?
Should I let my Car money sit in an ETF?
Converting portion of traditional IRA to Roth. Also maxed out Roth ($5500). Any caveats?
How much should I put towards student loans?
Financially speaking, would it be smart to buy my dream car?
Website/software for investment management?
(USA) Trust fund principal taxes vs gift taxes?
Is it wrong to think the backdoor Roth option will still be available in 15 years?
What's the difference between types of life insurance?
I really want to move. My situation has gotten bad. I want to form a plan. What's possible for me?
What are the best websites/ways to search for a condo or house?
I keep getting credit card offers in the mail, should I sign up for any of them?
Unknown charge on my credit report? Sorry if this is the wrong place.
How do I unload near-worthless seemingly-inactive stock so I can realize the loss for tax purposes?
Best way to transfer funds from Australia to Canada?
Those of you close to retirement or financial independence, how large is your savings?
Home solar panel on a home in the US, good investment now?
Anyone Familiar with BASIC Flex?
Should I sell or hold onto my Apple stock?
Money running low and unemployed. Advice?
Saving money, whats the best route to go?
Hiring a Personal Investment Adviser for my retirement accounts?
Which is better, roadside assistance from AAA or credit card perk?
Anyone else addicted to credit card bonus offers? When is enough, enough?
I am currently a student with a minimum amount of monthly expenses and I save 50% of my paycheck monthly. Should I aim to save more?
I would like to start putting ~25% of my take home pay into retirement. I've budgeted for this, but what are the reasons why I shouldn't put that much away?
Finally being conscious about money. Any tipsto maximize my money?
Did I make a mistake?
What is the best way to pay off my credit card?
$4000 from my retirement gone forever, is this common?
Any advice on finding good tax attorney to help with an "Offer In Compromise?" Is that a good way to go?
Am I setting us up to win? How might we fail?
How do you apply for a car loan?
Pay off car at 2.5% or invest somewhere?
Would this subreddit be appropriate for investment property advice?
How to Settle with Sallie Mae?
529 or Savings Bond for Niece for Future Educational Expenses?
How do you heat your home efficiently/economically?
Is my expectations looking for a car lease this weekend realistic?
mid twenties, want to retire when i'm 40, feel like i'm on a good path, critique/suggestions?
Is 'buy low, sell high' a facetious statement?
How much money should a single person set aside for moving to a new city?
Potential for FICO Score Improvement?
Inheritance, Do you think you will receive one and do you plan on leaving one?
I got a raise. Should I increase my contribution to my work 401K (employer contribution is a fixed percentage), contribute to my wife's Vanguard Rollover IRA, or save and open my own Roth IRA?
I have about 35K in unsecured debt and was just approved for 49K HELOC. Can I negotiate the debt down if I will be paying it all off?
I add $300 to a mutual fund through Edward Jones, costing me 4.5% each deposit it seems. Should I be doing an index fund instead? How?
healthy dual income, no kids, good savings -- but things might change, advice?
mid-30s couple, Double Income No Kids. What to do post mortgage?
I got lucky at the startup lottery ... what do I do with it?
Collection Accounts on CK or CS?
Do you ever feel like you really don't have anything in common financially with most people?
Tips to keep track of personal cash flow?
Had a foreclosure and lookin to buy again...what extras do lenders sneak in that I have to watch out for?
Anyone care to share experiences with their DRiP account?
What's the difference between being "frugal" and being "cheap"? To me, it seems like they're very similar, yet being cheap is looked down upon and frugal isn't.
23 year old NYC resident looking to negotiate salary next week, never done this, advice?
Estate planning attorney, what to ask?
Awhile back I read about an internet start-up set to offer easy financial advice services, almost amazon-esque in streamlining. Anyone know what that might be?
Pay off student loans first or car loan?
Buying a multi-family home or renting?
What are my retirement investment choices if my company doesn't offer a 401k plan?
How to deal with emotions surrounding money?
Help with 401(a)/457 elections?
I'm 17, what should I do with £1,000?
my parents told me not to file my taxes. what do i do? ( story inside)
Can I afford to buy a 2.1M house?
Wealthfront Ok?
24 years old and just started my first job - what should I be doing?
More than doubled our income in 4 months...what should we focus on?!
More than doubled our income from 4 months ago. What should we focus on?
Is an old life insurance policy necessarily worth a lot of money?
Is it possible for an under 21 stay at home/student spouse to get a student credit card?
Restaurant double charged me for gift card, anything I should suggest to avoid traveling back without having to initiate a chargeback?
Should I finish maxing out my Roth IRA?
[Help] (Oregon, USA) So... Maybe someone can explain this? It feels like they took a LOT out of my paycheck and I'm not sure why.
If parents die with excessive debt, does that debt get passed down to the children?
"high-interest savings" / CD or bond fund?
Is this really enough diversity?
Do I need to have credit?
Opinions on T Rowe Price date funds?
Going back to school, should I get personal loans or pay out of pocket?
Combining credit cards?
Solo/Individual 401k - Vanguard or Fidelity?
Are there any good banks left?
Just had my debit card number stolen - what happened?
Interested in applying for a credit card, but would rather not be declined. Is there a way to gauge what credit requirement will be accepted?
for student loans, what counts as Authorized expenses? (US)
Consolidating multiple types of debt using a personal loan? Please advise.
What is best the best Checking account that I can currently get?
Do you look through your investment holdings when rebalancing? Should you?
Alternative to SmartyPig (WITH card access?) (US)
Am I investing intelligently? Is this portfolio appropriate?
Renting a car with only a debit card?
If I occasionally get help from my parents on bills, do I have to claim this as income on my taxes?
Non permanent US resident here, what should I do with my money?
Should I withdraw from brokerage or 401K if I need cash?
Moving back and forth between US and UK. Where to put my American money? (UK citizen, nonresident US visa)
[USA] Purchasing company options with a personal loan?
Laid off, got severance, found new job. What to do with severance?
Carrying a larger than normal credit card balance -can someone help me come up with the right plan of attack to get back on track? Any advice for lowering an APR?
Thoughts on my plan? In 5 years have 300K debt paid off, 57K in retirement/college funds
Should I be buying bonds right now?
another estate question. can i negotiate down my fathers cc debt before probate?
Millionaires of Reddit, how did you make your money?
I am a college student that takes care of his own finances. What books should I read?
How can I most effectively structure my savings for early retirement (I have high net worth but no plan) in roughly 5 years time?
18 years old, starting basically at the bottom. Where to start?
What was your personal finance goal this year? Did you meet it? What are your goals for next year?
How, as a graduate student in the Biomedical Sciences (US), can use part of my stipend (~$2400) and invest it?
Do I need to claim/pay taxes on money coming from an (indirect) inheritance?
Have job, cash, (lots of) student loan debt, no investments/retirement. Where do I start?
Where to save for car, house, etc?
Just got a better paying job. I have a Chase Freedom card that I've only had for a few months and a $500 limit. I'm now making 30k more than I previously was, is there a way to get my limit raised without risking my credit score?
What to do with 10K?
Maxing Retirement Accounts Contributions, Is Life Insurance The Next Best Place to Invest?
Live overseas in cash economy. How do I maintain/build credit in the US?
My status &amp; Where should I send my money next?
How badly did I just screw up with my student loan?
Is a secured loan a good option?
What's the consensus on the best kind of cell phone plan?
Am I Crazy?
25, quite the amount saved. What do I do next?
I'm 26 and I've just noticed that my superannuation fund has been charging me ~$20 a month for STD/TPD insurance. Should I cancel these policies? (AU)
Define "Rich" or "Wealthy". What does it mean to you?
New job, new town, can I buy a home?
Old employer was a University, making my retirement fund matched at 7.5% AFTER 10 years. I just left after 1.4. Where can I put this money to actually make meaningful returns?
I'm 23, recently got a new job, need help with expenses/investments, where do I start?
Aggressively paying back student loans - a mistake?
Are my social security withholdings way too high?
Can I do my taxes myself, how do I get started?
What would happen is everyone invested solely in index funds?
Am I handling my CC debt correctly?
Retirement Investment?
Do I really need a credit card?
Can someone help me understand a car loan fee?
Chase Slate Credit Card: What are my chances for approval?
I am a soon-to-be university grad and I will be making more money than I know what to do with. Help? [CA]
Will paying off all my student loans early lower my credit score?
Just got my first job out of college, how can I make my dream of owning a property a reality in the next couple of years with my admittedly low salary?
Claimed too many exemptions on W-4?
Broke College Student with a 10K Bond inheritance. Advice?
What should I do with my savings bonds?
18 year old looking to purchase things online and build credit. No credit history and no official income. Options?
I'm a 17 year old with only 450 dollars. What do I do/where do I go to set myself up for financial security/success?
Possibly closing credit cards?
Should I invest in a condo in Ann Arbor while I attend dental school there?
If you had 5000$ right now to invest, where would you put it? and why?
I'm 24 and without any debt, I have $100k and no job, what's my best move??
Cutting back to half-time possible?
Which credit cards offer the best rewards programs?
HELP ASAP! Fiancee starts PA school in August, getting married in January. Does she take a loan now or after marriage?
What is the best credit card to pay off my debt while saving on interest fees?
"Mortgage payments" to ourselves in place of bonds in asset allocation?
21 M, Should I go back to college?
In the vein of the other thread with a younger guy, I'm a university freshman and I want to get my finances organised before I leave. How would I start? [UK]
Loans-- pay higher loans with lower interest rate first? Or lower loan with higher interest rate?
(US) Just turned 18 and have 550 dollars to invest, what is a good way to get started in stocks?
I'm a Senior in High School and will be moving south soon. Help?
I'm 18 years old and I've just learned my mother (who is in very poor health) is very very wealthy. What should I do to prepare myself?
Wise to purchase a new car in my situation?
What does r/PF think about going to a community college before transferring somewhere else?
Family Man - Should I buy a house or get these CC's paid off first?
Not receiving calls or letters,so I don't know where to start with paying off debts or disputing debts on my credit report. Please help?
I am a student in the U.S. who had her identity stolen. What do I do next?
I keep getting declined for Credit cards. help?
I just turned 18 and am very interested in controlling my money. I tried reading tutorials online, but everything just assumes that I have a job, that I already have a credit card, and that I know all the financial jargon. Help? (PH)
What sort of questions should I ask a financial advisor?
US: Ocwen mortgage almost did not pay my house insurance and their website is down, what do I do?
Use 5k out of 7k emergency fund for roth IRA this year?
Some advice regarding personal finances?
(Serious) If it is always better to spend a little more for quality, where do we skimp on and save from then?
20yrs old, 0 debt &amp; 0 credit. What bank should I consider using?
Fiancé needs health insurance. I get it through work as a teacher. Should we be getting legally married as soon as possible for her?
Australian living in US - How do I get my HSA without penalty when moving back home?
Pay CC or save?
Traditional or Roth IRA?
Just opened a Roth IRA with Vanguard -- clueless as to which fund I should invest in. Help?
Missing employer match because I maxed out 401k early - is this legit?
Should I file jointly or separate?
Sallie Mae is stealing my money, should I consolidate or switch loans to American Education Services?
Pay-off Student Debt or Invest?
$13k loan balance at 2.5%, $25k cash in hand. Should I pay off the entire loan or invest the money elsewhere?
Renting &gt; Buying?
Do you have any "play money"? What do you do with it?
Recent University Grad, working full-time, looking to pay off debt as quickly as possible but also save up for future endeavours. Advice?
Should/can I get a balance transfer card?
Has anyone here banked Truity Credit Union? If so, what was your experience like?
Investing IRA &amp; 401k in same funds?
Funds offered by my employer for 401K - Quality or Crap?
Wife and I are moving overseas in 4 weeks and leaving $100K+ USD in savings behind. What is the smartest thing to do with it?
How do you ever get back to zero?
I am hiring a personal trainer for a few months, and paying him $1,600. Am I supposed to give him a 1099 since it's more than $600 for the year?
When can I contribute to 2014 Roth IRA?
Do I have any leverage with my federal student loan servicer?
Start a Roth for my son?
If my account is closed due to fraudulent charge, will it affect my credit score?
Is it better to build an emergency fund with 3 - 6 months of bill paying funds or pay down a car loan I am $6k upside down on?
Life Insurance... 20 year term or ride out existing plan?
Quicken H&amp;B 2013 and a 401k through Fidelity NetBenefits. Having a difficult time tracking, can anyone help?
Anyone looking to open a Chase Checking Account? Free 125$ Coupon here
Highschooler with about $3000 saved up- What to do?
27k student loan. Lower interest?
As a high school senior, what financial steps should I take to prepare for college?
Tools for rebalancing?
I have made over $600 this year doing consulting for a business, they do not plan to issue me a 1099, but do plan to write it off as a business expense, is this okay?
HSAs, can you explain how this could help as a financial tool?
I want a used Prius. Is that smart?
I am going to invest in my Union's 401K. If you were to choose for me, which investment options would you choose?
Does spending a lot money on a line of credit and paying it off on time build credit faster?
IRA vs saving for grad school?
How do YOU pay for vacation?
Opening Roth IRA with Vanguard with only $500, will fees negate potential growth?
I want to buy/build a house this year, what should I do first?
Multiple Fidelity Cash Management acccounts. Any disadvantages?
About to Graduate University and Want to buy a House. Now What?
[Advice] 401k - am I doing this wrong?
Anyone Know of Any Good PF Lifestyle Books?
What would you do with a loan with 0.8% interest a year?
American Education Services - Possible to pay down principal?
Has anybody left a Good Job to risk the chance at Progressing their Career?
How do I help my family?
ELI5: How do credit cards that offer miles work?
Does adding an authorized user on a credit card account affect his/her credit rating?
SoFi.com, who's used it?
Is it wise to build up an emergency fund or savings if it means you accrue debt interest free at 0%?
Life insurance promised to re-calculate my premium after 3 years. Is there a downside?
Which 401k investments should I fund?
I have a great interest rate on my private student loan but they keep wanting to raise my minimum payment. Should I refinance?
Planning on maxing out your IRA in 2014? Do it in January if you can, and get it invested (don't leave it as cash)
Cashier's Check?
Who do I call to get my finances straight?
I have poor credit. I have been studying how to raise my credit score. What is the best way to get a credit card?
Got a job just out of school, trying to determine how much I should put in the 401k?
Where to invest after: Employer Match 401k, Max Roth IRA Contributions, and Debt paid off?
Getting married, what to do about zombie debts?
Moving out for the first time, how should I appropriate income?
Thinking of buying a house while in college....what's the worst that could happen?
IRA or compound interest savings?
I need some tax advice RE: sale of converted stock shares. What is the appropriate sub to pose this question?
Online banking with read only access?
I've been freelancing for a couple years and now I'm moving out of state for a full time job while remotely working on jobs back home. Anything I need to know?
Will we get denied or flagged for multiple credit card apps in a single week?
What is your personal 'living wage?' (survey &amp; discussion)
What's the best way to transfer money in two days or less (person-to-person)?
I have a car with a salvaged title. It is also financed for a few grand. I realized, too late, that this was a bad investment (bad debt). What are my options?
Ideal Co-Signer?
Is it common in the US for salaries to automatically adjust for inflation?
Removing parking tickets (paid) from credit report?!?!
How should I prioritize my upcoming extra money?
Just spoke with a local AXA advisor guy. Any particular things I should ask, know or be cautious of?
If a car is repossessed, is it possible to pay off current debt with a new auto loan?
What's the best way to reconcile your expense tracker when you don't remember how much you paid?
What do I need in order to pay someone else's bills anonymously?
HealthCare+stocks+taxes? Please help very confused what whats the best course of action.
If you pay loans through IBR, does it have to be 10 years consecutive for your loans to be forgiven?
Why might a levy garnishment fee be separate from the amount debited?
For your free annual credit report, do you receive one from each company every calendar year, or do you have to wait 365 days between checks?
I've seen some houses selling for 70k. Is this a real price around houses worth 150k??
Are 2 IRA's better than 1?
How to make your Children Rich?
I'm doing an annual evaluation of my 401k investments. Where would you invest?
Company Closed, Need To Roll 401k - Roll Into Roth?
Should I close my oldest credit card account and transition to one without fees?
Paying my boyfriend's credit card debt: How stupid of an idea is this?
Is this the right move?
What would a financially-sound person do in my situation?
I've been left a lot of money. Any tips?
Will closing a credit card account (no debt) hurt my credit?
I'm considering switching from Mint to something more feature-rich, like Quicken. Any suggestions?
Best way to pay for LASIK procedure?
Company switching simple IRA company and if I rollover it costs 4.5% (sales load?)
To delve even deeper into that often standard line of 3% inflation, what specifically in your expenses gets increased due to inflation?
Best Way to Build Credit?
Enrolling part-time in community college to pay student loan principal? Evaluation request.
Any tips to help me tackle this hurdle?
Inherited traditional IRAs now what?
Wife quitting job in February; things to do before then?
Is it worth it to "build credit?" Asking for your take on my situation.
Did I got to far with new credit lines?
I have $4000 to invest. What would you reccomend?
Turned down for car loan refinancing. Does this effect my current car loan at all?
Now that you have a budget and emergency fund, where is your holiday bonus going?
Worth it to withdraw from my CD early? (Bank of America)
Would anyone have interest in an AMA from an employee of a Credit Counseling Non-Profit?
How do taxes work when you work outside of the US?
Permanent Life Insurance as an investment vehicle - good idea or bad?
How am I doing?
Another balance transfer question. Getting a new credit card 5 mo after the last one for a balance transfer?
How Can Canadians Invest with returns similar to 401ks?
Would anyone have interest in an AMA from an employee of a Credit Counseling Non-Profit?
Is this a good plan?
What method do you use for your taxes?
What would you do with this car situation?
What do you guys think of Merrill Lynch?
I get that renting isn't 'throwing away' money since you're paying for a place to live. I also get that when buying a home you throw away money in interest, maintenance, taxes etc. But isn't it still better to get a 30 yr mortgage now, than renting for 10 years and then getting a 30 yr mortgage?
To pay off the mortgage or not to pay off the mortgage?
Should I buy a house with 3.5% down or rent until I have I larger down payment?
Understanding that past performance is no indication of the future, can you recommend a couple of good mutual funds to get in to?
"Diversifying" between paying off school loans and filling low annual contribution limit accounts, such as HSAs and Roth IRAs. Good idea?
Managing emergency fund, mid-term saving goals, and retirement. Where to put the money... review and advise please?
Check(Pageonce) or mint or someone else?
Why does a debit purchase hit my bank account instantly, but a refund take 3-5 business days?
How much does income play into approval ratings for credit cards?
Best combination of company 401k, personal IRA, and personal 401k?
Starting a brand new 401K if I'm quitting in 5 months?
I'm going to need a private loan to pay for my tuition/rent until September. Any advice or other options?
As a college student, should I be doing anything with my part time income other than putting it in a regular savings account?
As someone that just inherited a 401k, what should I do reddit?
What do middle aged people do with retirement funds during long downward slopes?
How much do you have saved /pf?
How to switch from a $60000 stock portfolio to a mutual fund?
20, F, UK. Need a small loan (around £2,000) can I use a credit card?
What's a "reasonable" amount of debt for college?
How can I help my boyfriend overseeing his money? (NL- Europe)
Book recommendations for someone horrible at personal finance?
Can I afford to move out (24)?
I want to buy a house. Should I lower my payments on student loans to save more or should I continue making payments for better credit rating?
My utilities are absurdly high($250/m+) in my 5 man apt, what's going on?(MA)
buying a home: pile up cash or finish the car loan?
Am I ready to move out of my dad's?
Company is offering me options, what do I need to know?
Need to sell my financed car and it's worth more than I currently owe on the loan. How should I sell it and how much?
Finally decided to get a big picture of my finances, now what?
Should I get a Student Loan even though I have enough savings, or should I just get a credit card to reap rewards?
Maxing out 401(k) question - better to do it upfront or spread out over the year?
If you were 24 and had these funds to choose from for your 401k, how would you allocate them?
I just got hired and have NO money for food/rent! Can I withdraw from my ROTH IRA without facing tax penalty for this emergency situation? I'm sorry for not finding this on my own…need help immediately though!
I need a personal loan of about $1000, within the next 2-3 days, which I can pay back within 30 days. Where can I get this?
Transfer money from stock (ETrade) to Roth (Vanguard) without mega taxes?
How am I doing? Financially... (27/M/TX)
Should I get a credit card?
America to Europe? Tax/Retirement concerns?
Fixed my credit... now what?
Am I taking too big a risk in potentially buying a home?
When my wife stops working, can we continue to use the same Vanguard Roth IRA account she has now as a "spousal IRA"? Or, will we need to create a new account?
Contacted by a 3rd party collection agency... what should I do? (US)
I have ~$12,000 sitting in my checking account because I'm not sure where to put it. Maxed Vanguard Roth IRA for the year, and no debt. Advice?
First time home buyer/investor; what should I know?
Library fines and negotiating with collection company?
How to calculate the penalty of leaving a job before pension benefit is vested?
Should I consider bankruptcy?
I have 8 different school loans -- all different balances and different interest rates -- which loans should I pay off first?
For tax purposes, is it preferable to get paid weekly, or bi-weekly?
Right (or wrong) time to move a Roth to Vanguard?
Do the stipulations behind this high-yield savings account make it a deal breaker?
PF gurus, this a good idea or wishful thinking?
Offered new position today. Relocation across country. Help me prepare for Salary negotiation? (x-post from /r/Advice)
I hear a lot of good about Vanguard, but these other funds seem better. Am I missing something?
Another 'what can I realistically afford?' post.
Will recent credit card denials affect ability to open an online savings account?
Did I get a good deal?(car loan)
College grad making &gt;12k a year. Planning on going into teaching after grad school next year. Is IBR or ICR a good choice for me?
Choosing a business major? Help!
How does our financial budget look? About to move into our first house [UK]
Where to put months 3 to 6 of your emergency fund?
Can you fund a Roth IRA early?
My bank randomly raised my credit limit?
I Have OVER 200k in Student Loans - WTF Can I Do?
Switched jobs. What do I do with the old 401k?
Can I still contribute to my old Defined Contribution plan after I get a new job with a Defined Benefit plan?
Credit card enquiry lowered my credit score by 60 points. Why?
Is this a stupid idea?
Which Vanguard Roth IRA fund should I contribute to? (Asset allocation included)
I just received a collections notice. Found out that someone used my name and didnt pay the bill. What can I do?
IRA withdrawal to pay for health insurance?
Typical PF post: "22 with $120,000 salary, $250k saved, no debt" Really?
Can someone ELI5 the process of loan consolidation?
When people say to save xx% of your income, what does this exactly mean? (details/clarity inside)
Can you fund an investment account for someone else? Missing something?
31, no credit history. Best place to start?
Strategy for paying off student loans a sound one?
I tried disputing an incorrect bill, but now it's gone to collections. What can I do?
Inlaws have retired, moving funds from 401k -&gt; IRA, how to make sure they won't get ripped off?
Best and cheapest option for checking all 3 credit scores? Besides creditkarma
Gen. Financial Plan for College Junior - Maybe a Car?
NYC residents: What should I pay for rent?
Just graduated ($0 student debt) and I have two jobs starting in Jan. What should I be doing with the money I'm earning?
Just graduated and grabbed a $40k job, what do I do?
What percentages do you base your monthly budgets on?
Is it bad to buy into a Vanguard retirement fund with the market high?
EOY Bonus Time - what % of income did you get and what do you think is typical?
My employer erroneously listed me as Married in my Federal Filing status for one paycheck. What should/can I do?
Techniques for Recording Real Estate Purchases in Quicken?
Confused about EV tax credits?
Pay off Mortgage or Invest?
Has anyone used the BillGuard app? How is it compared to Mint?
After maxing out 401k what other nontaxable options exist?
Can I still put money into Roth IRA if I max out on my traditional IRA?
(UK) What are my options? M, 18, apprentice
mom has a gambling addiction + owes $60K. Will lose house. What can we do?
Anyone have any Personal Finance resolutions for 2014?
Have an auto loan through a different bank: Should I look at moving my loan to my own bank if only for the sake of convenience?
Recently was victim of check fraud. Any advice to prevent check fraud from reoccurring?
In College, no job, should I get a secured credit card?
Easy way to figure out my tax refund? (Complicated situation)
(UK) Possible options for 23yrold?
How good can my first credit card be?
Should I close a credit card to lengthen average credit history?
Does it make sense to cap Roth IRA right now?
Just accepted my first job offer, what now?
Can someone help explain tax-efficiency to me in terms of determining which funds to place in your tax-advantaged vs. taxable accounts?
Is it good practice to sell stocks before the next year begins?
As a college student who is interested in getting a credit card, what route should I take?
I unknowingly took out too much student loan money. What can I/should I do with the excess?
What is the best way to divvy up various stocks inherited by three siblings?
Buying a brand new Japanese made car and running it to the ground. Good idea?
Formula for compound interest + contribution?
YNAB philosophy or going crazy on my large personal debt? (AU)
Can a 529 have multiple beneficiaries?
Creating a 529 plan with no specific purpose if excess money would otherwise be going to taxable investment accounts? (mid 20s, single, healthy income)
I frequently spend big chunks of money and get reimbursed through work. How can I use a credit card rewards program to take advantage of this?
Could I please get some help or an opinion with my situation?
Bought our first home - quick way to determine approximate mortgage interest deduction?
Should I be contributing more to my 401k?
21 year old out on my own, can you suggest a budget or a financial plan?
Is this typical?
Loaning Friends Money?
Credit Cards - Hard pull?
Should investing for retirement still be a priority while attending Grad school?
Am I taking everything into consideration? Can I afford this?
I'm in college with a well-paying job. What do I do with the money?
Credit card fraud on never-used card: How did they get my card number, and why?
(AU) Can anyone advise re: Australian Salary Packaging?
What type of credit cards should I get? Which offer the best rewards? I have only used debit so far and never had a credit card. [California, USA]
Can someone please help me with short- and long-term budgeting? My student loans just kicked in and it's giving me trouble.
Hypothetical - taking on someone's debt in a relationship?
19 with 45K in the bank. What do?
When is leasing a car a good financial decision?
[Long] PF please help me! Severely depressed in a job I was forced to take to help put myself through school. Schoolwork, sanity, mental health now suffering. Could this be the 1 exception to taking out a student loan to help with living expenses? Job details, monthly expenses, debts, listed in post
Student Loans Or Invest?
Bank loan to pay off credit cards?
Hoping to get some ideas for how to proceed - late in life graduate, lots of written off debt, chance to jump on tuition reimbursement for masters... thoughts?
What can I do now to help me tremendously in my future?
Besides trying to get a secured credit card and applying for smaller credit cards (gas stations, retail stores) what else can I do to build credit? Also, how much does having bills in your name and paying on time help/not help credit?
How to plan for the long term and keep moving countries?
Loan Questions?
Credit score very recently went from "fair" to "excellent." How long should I wait to get new financial products?
Best option for Christmas gift for my niece?
How do you calculate the value of your account at a point in time in the future from a monthly savings amount and an annual interest rate?
Best option for a Christmas gift for 10 month old niece?
ROTH IRA as Emergency Fund?
Help with 401k/457 elections? (second attempt)
Help! $700 repair or new car?
Best way to save for retirement with small investment/mo?
What to do first? 401(k) match, pay off debt, or save an emergency fund?
Looking to move out on my own, is it possible with my limited funds?
MoneyDashboard.com - Does anyone use it? Do you trust it? What are your reviews?
should I accelerate my car loan?
22 Year Old - Put money into ROTH IRA or Buying a home?
What historical data will appear on the credit report of an authorized user?
Using money market fund or Roth IRA earnings to pay off rental house mortgage?
$42,000 a year, family of four. Here's my budget - Mock me, Help me, Show me yours? I am curious
My wife and I just passed a major net worth milestone at 30 years old, how should we re-consider and re-evaluate our investments and goals at this point?
Anyone Have an App to Give Reminders of Upcoming Bills? Maybe a Calendar-sync to Mint.com? ...Specifically Bills that Haven't Been Paid Yet...
What do you think a realistic retirement age is?
Why Does College Cost So Much? Is It Really Worth It?
How many of you guys max your Roth IRAs on January 1st?
Friend took out a loan to cover mortgage payments?
We want to build a small home on raw land. What are our financing options?
Advice for DIY Chapter 7 bankruptcy?
$50K / year for a family of 5 and barely scraping by. Any suggestions? (Budget inside)
Medical Debt Questions - DV or GW/PFD?
S&amp;P500 up 38% this year. My Fidelity 401k portfolio is up only 13.3% this year. Did I goof? What now?
Job relocating me to San Francisco. What should I do?
Will I be charged a cash advance if I use my credit card to send money over paypal? (HSBC UK)
Roth IRA accounts. Which investment agency to go for?
Saving for a house, what should I do with the money?
Buy a house/condo or continue to rent or wait til marriage to buy?
20, good job. want to be smart with money. advice?
Gotta take the hit on my truck, question is whats the best way to go about it?
How do I answer the question, "What are your compensation requirements?"
27, Single - New job making 50% more than before. What to do with surplus?
Personal Budgeting advice - where is the breakpoint between emergency fund saving and retirement saving?
Took out a car loan for 25k realized it was stupid, now what?
Help me get my life together?
Is it worth it for me to consolidate my student loans?
What are you listening to over the holiday to prep for your 2014 finance adventure?
What should I do with dividend checks?
How long can a person realistically envision working?
is it true that mms parents can intervene on my student loan business until I'm 24?
How to calculate personal property value?
How to value the worth of a pension?
$18,000 in savings, getting out of the military in less then a year, what should I do with it?
Is homebuying an achievable goal? ($70k pa income, single, 29yo)
I can't seem to save money, any advice?
What is the appeal of retail store credit cards?
Live Dividend Check on Rolled-Over 401k - What to do?
Best Credit Card to Sign-Up For?
I'm in so much debt. Bankruptcy or dig out?
Credit counseling worth it? Any suggestions?
A good friend of mine was duped into "investing" in a pyramid MLM. What can I do to help before it goes too far?
Should I accept this credit line increase?
Why even save for a car?
520 credit score $2,400 owed to four different collections companies. How can I raise my score asap?
Help me budget?
Where to start to improve on my budget and savings?
Should I put money into a 401(k) where no employer contributions exist, or a Roth IRA?
Where do I put this?
How to simulate returns on portfolios that change over time?
Max my ROTH IRA?
Can I contribute more than the annual max to a Roth? If so, what will happen?
How do I check if this company is legit?
Does my budget and expense spreadsheet look okay?
I'm a student looking into getting a credit card for small purchases. What Cards would you recommend?
Any current or retired military with experience with the TSP?
Lowering interest rate on credit card?
Cash out 401K for down payment on house?
Is there a way on Scottrade to consolidate the stock market charts of multiple companies for easy viewing &amp; comparison?
How should I save for retirement? 50 years old business owner, $270k in mortgage at 6.25%, $200k in bank. No idea where to start.
Am I a possible victim of identity theft?
Can I recoup my pension contributions when I leave a job?
Alternative to Mint overseas?
Question about mortgage -- if you have the liquid assets to pay it off, should you pay it off, or invest?
Should I get a house? Can I afford a house?
Pulled the trigger on a Secured Credit card too soon. What now?
As a college student with no credit card, what are the advantages of getting a college oriented credit card?
23 yo - quitting job to go to school. What to do with 401k?
House? If so, how much? (Large Midwestern City, USA)
Invest in Business or Play it Safe?
How long can a credit card keep reporting after being closed and is it best to allow it to continue to report?
Any free tax preparation courses?
How can I make my debt easier to deal with? What are my options?
About to inherit 60k. I'm 26 years old. How should I go about making a profitable return with my money? (US/CT)
Bad Credit Myths and Facts?
College student with some extra cash, what should I do?
Can I afford to move to San Francisco? Details inside
Asking for a job promotion soon. How much more should I be asking for? Details inside.
When is the best time to refinance personal student loans?
How will paying off this debt affect my credit?
I'm 17 years old. I don't know anything about finance. What can I do right now to introduce myself into the world of finance?
When I retire, I'd like to travel the Mississippi in a houseboat. Is this even feasible? How much would I need?
Should I pay my student loans while in the military?
Anyone have savings accounts at GE Capital or Amex Bank?
What Was Your Best PF Move in 2013?
Tired of my local credit union checking/savings interest rate - best choices for online only banking?
If you were 60+ right now where would you put your money?
17 years old, where do I begin? (AU)
What should I invest my Fidelity Roth IRA if I don't have $2,500?
PF: How Did You Spend Your Money This Year?
Should I take out a private student loan or put 2k on my credit card which has 0% interest?
What are some "must have" financial apps?
I'm 26, married, just started making 30k a year, wife makes about 2/3 that for now. We have a small amount of debt (under 8k), little to no savings, and no retirement set up. What next?
How much to have when buying property?
College Student, should I get a credit card?
If your company offers both a traditional 401k and a Roth 401k, what is the maximum contribution limit? Is it $17,500 per account?
Will taking over a car loan boost my credit when it's paid off?
Car loan for college student?
Car repair loan, where to get specifically what I need?
How should I go about paying off this debt?
How long before funds come through? Grad school newbie
How to prove that ROTH IRA withdrawal is a contribution and shouldn't be taxed/penalized?
How long before graduate loan money comes through?
Cant get a credit card?
Save for retirement or take less loans for med school?
What is an appropriate amount to set aside for car repairs?
roth 401k &amp; roth ira?
When paying off debt, is there a strictness limit you should observe or should you do as much as possible to reduce the amount owed?
Any input on my current investment plans? (College student)
Credit reporting error. Who do I contact??
Dad is getting 225k settlement check, then 500k later. Best options for 20 yr old son and 40 yr old dad?
How do you and your spouse do personal finance?
Advice for 21 college grad starting as salaried in January?
What books/resources do you recommend for college students?
Canada- I have a grown up job for the first time- how much should I spend on retirement planning vs savings vs student loans repayment?
As a lover of all things finance, I'm curious: What's your day job?
Anything I can do about a missed payment?
Am I wasting my high income?
20/yo, 10k for investing saved up, won't need the cash anytime soon. Where would you put it?
Do I have time to start a 401k to avoid a big tax hit in 2013?
Do you get insurance quotes from new companies every 6 months?
Saving without a savings account?
State Pension or 401(a)?
Recommendation for the best credit card for air miles?
What do do with money at Retirement?
Just had a baby and want to start setting aside some money for her future life expenses, where do I start?
Which is better: keeping house or selling?
How many continuous payments on an auto loan are needed before it begins to reflect positively on my credit score?
Does anyone have tips to increase the credit score of someone who has no need for credit right now?
College student with some extra money. How should I invest?
Am I going about this right?
Is there any advantage to paying off revolving debt all at once?
20 years old and making ~24k. Any Advice?
Advice regarding how to use a $10,000 Christmas gift?
Any Canadian financial helpers here? 21m just getting into the workforce, want to start saving for retirement! (CA)
Mint doesn't support my credit union account, any alternatives?
mistake in vanguard reporting?
Should I consolidate my student loan? Help much appreciated :)
I just paid off all my debt and want to start saving for a house. I only have $1000 on hand what should i do?
Should I put money aside for retirement or pay off student loan debt?
Improving Credit Scores? Help...
My ex was an authorized user on my Costco American express card and secretly ran it up to its maximum and is now dodging me. Is there anything I can do?
Are there any banks that partition your savings account?
To start my 2014 Vanguard Roth IRA, do I have to have the minimum of funds available first?
What numbers do you use for investment returns and inflation?
Thinking of switching from multiple index funds into a target retirement fund for my IRA...thoughts?
Possible to lower interest on Federal Student Loans?
30/m - Best way to approach student loans and build a saving?
Does providing a Form W-9 in 2013 allow me to obtain a 2012 Form 1098-E?
First job as 1099-MISC, should I be using Quickbooks?
I'm debating between retirement savings and paying down my mortgage. Any thoughts?
29/M - Next step in personal finance. Am I doing this right?
401k ended- what to do with the funds?
How we ensure that the withdrawals from a Roth IRA will be tax free? In other words, how do we guarantee the government won't go back on its word?
How To File Taxes Without Loans Being Taken Out?
23m, employed full time 1.5 years now... doing ok?
Employer 401k: How much to contribute?
Can you tell me what I'm doing well, and what I could be doing better?
So I was rushing to max out my roth ira by today, given the years coming to the end, but my buddy tells me it's based off your birthday, and not the calendar year. Is this true?
If the DJ is up 25%, and you're not even beating the SPX, do you fire your advisor?
Lump Sum: Invest monthly over time or in one big chunk?
Halfway through college, approx $10,000 student debt. Is it safe to start paying off student loans early?
College dropout making good money. Should I start over for a degree part time?
Claiming Dependents - Date of birth?
Best personal finance book suggestions for a beginner?
Company will match pension contribution up to 6% - worth putting in that much? (CA)
I'm a student with 23k in capital preservation; what are my options?
What to take care of first?
Picking a 529 advice?
If I contribute to a Roth IRA but went over income limits, how do I determine the earnings I need to move out?
Have a fulltime job, debt and a profitable side business - should I take a salary to pay off debt, or grow my business?
Are there any downsides to having a stop loss order on every one of my stocks?
My Grandfather has some CDs maturing and wants to reinvest the money. Advice?
How much income tax can you owe before fees hit?
Like an idiot, I think I have steered my otherwise good credit into a nose dive with neglect. Can I do anything?
Compromised credit union visa card, is there anything else i should do?
What is the best regards credit card out there?
I make $800 per month, and I need a car. What's my best option?
Can anyone help me with some basic questions on the 529 College plan I have?
Why did Vanguard give me a dividend on my Roth IRA?
Can I have a SIMPLE IRA and a Roth IRA? How does this work?
Employer provides fully vested 3% 401k contribution, Should I still contribute?
Will we be financially ready to buy a house in May?
Saved up money but no enough to meet my semester tuition due on the 9th. What do?
Not enough money to meet tuition. What do?
23F, starting new job, about to move/live on my own for the first time - how's my budget?
What are your financial goals for 2014?
Just opened a ROTH IRA account.. help, what do??
Should I put all my savings into a 7% annual interest on savings account? (Bulgaria)
What are some ways I can become more financially stable in college?
Best credit card for me?
Should I let my mom claim me as a dependent on her taxes?
Advice for buying a car?
Best Financial APP for Ipad2?
Is there a utilization level that is too low for CCs?
Tax Implication on a free cruise?
15-25k low(er) risk investment ideas, anyone?
Just got hit with a medical bill... $3000 out of pocket. Anything I can do?
Questions about Vanguard Target Retirement 401k Fund - Apparently serviced by Fidelity?
Can someone explain the different types of ISAs to me? (UK)
How do I handle bonds in my accounts?
Is there a way to lower my income tax withholdings as a single, childless 29 year old male?
Chase closed my CC account with no warning, no misconduct from me and no reason provided as to why. What will this do to my credit score?
Anyone else's unemployment benefits being cut? What is your plan of action?
HSA funds in REIT?
Received a notice from a collection agency, has my credit rating already been affected? Also, appropriate next steps?
College student, student loan situation not all that bad, but I wanted to keep it in check. Help me sort out my financial life?
College student looking to start a retirement account, what type of account and what firm is best?
I'm still a student, but I want to start paying down loans - is it smarter to pay off interest on unsubsidized loans or knock down the principle on subsidized loans first?
Why do most young workers like to spend most of their paychecks?
Aggressively pay down high interest, or do a balance transfer?
Are there any expense tracking software that are multiplatform?
Do I have enough life insurance? Is employer sponsored insurance worth it?
Advice for post-undergrad, pre-grad school budget and savings?
As a recent college grad, how can I build credit?
House is upside down, pay down mortgage anyway?
I'm 23, with no debt and $50,000 in the bank. Any advice?
When to start building credit or applying for a credit card?
Could I get some feedback on this budget? (80k, single male)
Coming back from deployment to start school on GI Bill. Need apartment, have bad credit from divorce, any suggestions?
18 and 730 credit?
Just turned 30...how am I doing?
Someone tried using my debit card for online purchases. Possible e-mail address got sent to me?
I cannot be re-employed. How do I invest for security?
Can you have both a Roth 401k and a traditional IRA?
My step-mother passed away this year. My step-sister was her only blood relative. Do I have any rights to see my step-mother's tax filing this year?
I am starting a paid internship in January. Where could I go to find the tools to calculate my tax burden and what information will I need?
High interest student loans?
HS student without control of my finances. Advice?
How much does it cost for you to care for your parents? Alternatively, what financial plans do you have in place for such?
Parental contribution amounts for a 529 plan?
I was paid in stock options for a summer internship. How do I use them?
Have 13 "Deragatory Marks" on my credit report, where does one start taking care of this? Any way to get the all lumped together and pay one big amount?
Amazon gives you a $10 gift card for signing up for their credit card, should I do it?
My CC limit is only $500. If i'm putting $300-$400 on it every month, is it going to hurt my credit? I have never missed a payment, and pay it off in full after I get every statement.
Online jobs, or raising money quickly?
Panning on moving out this year.. How do I actually plan for this?
Planning for a big trip - where to "park" my savings while generating income?
What investments should be in an inherited IRA?
How should I go about paying these debts down?
Why shouldn't I sell these mutual funds for a ~$6000 return (long-term capital gains)?
Debt is close to falling off, What should I do now?
Too late to start a 529 college fund for a 17 year old/HS senior?
Major rental car company made a photocopy of my credit card, is this ok?
Dad wants to put my sisters money in an account in my name to hide it from the FAFSA?
Can someone help me review this balance sheet I created in Google Docs? (editable link inside)
Fixed term rate home loans - good idea?
Is 31 too old to start grad school? Does it make sense from a financial standpoint?
$2500 left over every month after food, housing, utilities, and a few incidentals. What do I do with it?
Am I Investing Correctly? (US)
with one day left, a question about best using 401K roth ira etc. - I am a foreign national in the US on a work visa. Is there a benefit to putting money away if I am pretty certain i will 1) not be living in this country 5 years from now 2) will not leave it in that account past 5 years?
$45k/year, mid 20s age: advice? enjoy life. live like I'm in poverty to save for a house. Is there a middle path?
What is a DE-4 form?
Is a secured card my best bet?
Does opening a CC after being made an authorized user on someone else's account negatively affect your credit report?
Buying a 2 year old vehicle. Should I pay cash by withdawing $20k in principle from my Roth or take out a loan with a 5% interest rate?
What are the things you were against doing, but somehow ended up doing it and regretting later on? How to avoid such situations?
Buying a car with cash or financing it to build credit?
Did not qualify for Secured credit card; what next?
Own a home...but need to renovate! How to get funds?
Moving towards 30. Is it OK that I don't own house or much tangible assets past a car?
[20y] Staying in an index fund for 5-7 years?
Question about zero-balance school income tax returns being sent to my old address?
How do you budget in Mint?
Wife's father probably has accounts open in her name/ssn. How do we check, and how do we know?
Convert portion of my traditional IRA to Roth?
How to best access these funds?
Tips and techniques to 'Budget despite yourself'?
[24y/o] Can I afford to contribute less to retirement?
Help me choose a health insurance plan! Also, why would high deductible plan have more expensive premiums?
[serious] How to best access these funds?
Anyone with Vanguard Asset Management experience?
Anything better than Mint?
What is your personal financial goal for 2014, and how will you achieve it?
Depositing cash into your bank account in 2014? Not without an I.D. you're not.
What this the process for leaving an a apartment lease early? What are the possible repercussions?
Buy home in 3-5 years, where to put money for down payment in the mean time?
Employee stock purchase - pro/con of selling before/after end of year?
Have some money not sure what to do. Suggestions?
Sell home to pay off loans?
[CANADA] Just got around $50,000, how do I invest/save securely?
Buying a home in 3-5 years, where to put money for down payment in the meantime?
How much can I afford to spend on a car?
$250K in student loans-- should all my money go toward loans?
Can someone recommend a good finance radio station to listen to during the day?
How do you track spending on your kids?
24 years old, no debt, 73k assets but more than 50% in cash. Will overlapping two portfolios cause me problems? + 401k question
I have an old Roth 401k from my previous job. My current job doesn't offer a 401k, and I'm back into a financial position to be able to contribute to something. I'm leaning toward a Roth IRA, but what do I do with the old 401k?
Is there a Credit Karma equivalent for Canadians?
What am I liable for is Mint.com is hacked?
Why did Capital One send me another preapproval letter for another credit card? Not really understanding this.
[Advice] I have student loans and lots of money in stocks. Is it a good idea to cash out the stocks to pay the loans in one go?
Can I contribute to a 401k and an IRA?
I'm a student who made $5900(after tax) over the summer ($1300 to federal/state/ss/medicare taxes taken out of paycheck). Do I need to file taxes and will I get money back? (GA)
Am I on the right track?
Do credit bureaus see just "last statement balance" or all balances and payments? Should I pay down my outstanding balance before billing period ends to 25-30% of my CL?
I have a Roth IRA with a credit union and I'm moving to another state. Can I transfer this IRA or should I leave it?
Pay off 3.12% student loan quickly, or put money into 401(k) and pay student loan slowly?
Should I pay off my debt with my Retirement savings?
does dave ramsey make sense in this senerio?
Is this normal?
Sudden windfall. Company got acquired. What do I do now?
Emergency fund. Do you start one when you are in the midst of an emergency?
Which Bogle book to start with?
How and in what ways would/do you invest once you've maxed your Roth IRA and 401k and your EF is 6 months+ (if) you have a extra money after expenses?
From -$80k to +$65k in four and a half years. What now?
Should I sell now to avoid long term capital gains taxes?; Also, feedback please on my post graduation financial plans
How do I budget.. when I have (virtually) no expenses? [military]
Can another person pay for the life insurance premium?
What was your salary the first year you maxed out your retirement accounts?
Worried about impact of retirees without money?
Best Rewards Credit Cards For Someone Who Has Never Had a Credit Card?
19, new to the workforce--help me sort out budgeting for long-term goals?
Question about I bonds - when do I buy them?
I've maxed out my 401k, Roth, and have a decent emergency fund....now what?
Roth IRA brokerage?
A Free Google Spreadsheet Wealth Calculator: Should you funnel more of your initial income to wealth building or more of your increment?
Should I cancel my old credit card?
Can short term losses offset dividend income?
College student (18) moving out and becoming financially independent by summer 2014. Where do I start?
Employee Stock Options - When to buy and not to buy?
[25y/o] Can *we* afford to contribute less to retirement?
Can I do a Roth IRA?
Would paying off credit card before the last day incur interest?
Short term gain tax on selling partial stock?
How much money do you typically need on hand to start a Roth IRA?
How much can I afford to spend on housing?
Starting a 401k and IRA at age 22. Is there any reason to not do a Roth?
Reviewing finances, planning for 2014 and maybe buying a house?!
Multiple credit card and close them after reward points redeemed. Would it hurt your credit?
[Question for a friend] Should I take out my dad's life insurance to pay for my grad school next semester or should I take out a loan?
Looked in the FAQ and didn't see anything, so here goes: ~50% of my wages are salaried, the rest will come from 1099 contracted work from my boss. How do I know how much to set aside for taxes/prepare etc?
I have $1000 and no PF knowledge. What should I do with it?
Contribute to a non-employer sponsored 401k?
How to report increase in income?
Help with 401k options, which is best for me?
Should I increase my 401k percentage?
How to pay for significant home renovations?
Is there a limit to how many CDs I can open?
I will have about 100K+ saved by end of 2014. Any suggestions?
How much does a car cost to maintain?
To refi or not refi?
Essentially independent recent college-grad: file taxes independently or claimed dependent?
I'm a waiter, how do you recommend I manage my cash earnings?
Best time to get a second credit card?
Financial Advisors: Any interest in a financial advisor ONLY subreddit to exchange business/marketing strategies?
Full time job with a side of freelancing: How do I set myself up?
Bonus Tax Help?
How do charitable donations work?
It's the end of the year- how is rate of return calculated?
How and in what ways would/do you invest once you've maxed your Roth IRA and 401k and your EF is 6 months+ if you have any extra money after expenses you want to invest?
How do I adult? Looking for budget critiques and helpful financial advice. 24F
How to live debt free in a debt driven world?
Personal finance help. 29/M. Assets allocation between sites and accounts?
First year married. Benefits of filing jointly vs separate?
how to max out 401k exactly?
Precautionary backdoor Roth?
What should I look for in a new credit card?
Take job at lower salary with equity, or regular contract work at almost double the rate?
Just starting out, don't have credit history. Will this be a problem when trying to rent a place and is there a way around it?
I have about 5 posts to my account from "NYMGO LUXEMBOURG LU" and they're all for $20 from an account I don't use very regularly. Anyone have an idea what this might be from? All transactions happened within the last 3 days. Thanks for any help!
Retiring Overseas? Anyone here in Personal Finance run the numbers?
How accurate are the figures in "The Millionaire Next Door"?
2013 end-of-year results -- what worked, what to improve?
Should I ever even get a Credit Card? HELP!
Should I save at all while paying down my credit cards and what is the best way to pay off debt?
(GER) What are options for saving and investing money in Germany?
Contribute to 401k/403b or pay off student loans?
Frequent Flyer miles and Credit Cards?
Who is maxing out their IRA for 2014 tomorrow?
Advice? Having to pay child support &amp; daycare. Take a look at my budgets? :(
What are the pros and cons of contributing the full $5,500 Roth IRA on January 2nd (tomorrow)?
Any budgeting/personal finance software recommendations or reviews for iOS or OSX?
Great idea or horrible idea? Debt management via house.
Is there an international credit card that doesn't suck?
Can I use my Coverdell ESA to purchase a laptop?
Any advice for a single family income?
Question from a college kid:Savings accounts?
I've been working above my paygrade for 2 months. Should I ask for money?
I'm a co-op student. What would you do in my place?
Those of you who have retired early, what's an average day for you?
Can I close one of my Amex cards without damaging my credit history?
(US) Recent veteran graduate with bills?
Should I Be Concerned About Other Family Members Debt &amp; Spending Habits?
Financial retrospective on 2013 -- How did you do?
How do you rebalance?
Can you pay credit card statement balance with reward dollars?
Credit for newcomer?
Vanguard Roth IRA: how to access ETFs?
Building a "Car fund" through index funds?
Working abroad starting today, can I still make contributions to my Roth IRA in 2014?
Any downside to moving a funds from savings to IRA and closing savings acct?
Where to invest short term, non-retirement funds?
Downsides to closing a savings account and transferring funds to a Roth IRA?
When should I request a credit limit increase on my cards and how much should I request?
Saving up for down payment on a house - options?
Dependent care FSA or childcare tax credit??
Vanguard targeted date funds - taxable or tax deferred?
Where can I find a legit (trustworthy and non-risky) website to check my credit score?
Vanguard Roth IRA, TSP, Roth TSP. Should I have all three?
What's next?
stafford loan limits?
One year ago, I told everyone here of my me and my wife (age 35, 32) hitting $1 million on mint. How about an update?
I have an option to select three investors/managers for my 401k. Which option should I choose?
Out of all your accounts (savings, checking, IRA/Roth IRA), what is your allocation between them?
Is leasing a vehicle a good or bad idea?
Maxing out 401(k) contributions; cannot contribute to Roth IRA. What's next?
Should i get a credit card just for the free FICO score?
Resources to become financially literate?
Best way to improve cashflow? ~$16.5k in debt.
How do I survive on 15 an hour?
Should I sell my 'investment' property to save for a larger deposit on a house to live in? - Seeking advice
Balance transfer checks; Can I do this/Is this a good idea?
17 with a half a million in undeclared funds, turning 18 next month. How do I handle this without getting IRS agents sent to my door?
My monthly income has skyrocketed in the last 4 months, any tips on controlling lifestyle inflation?
I have little to no tax liability. Would it be better to set up a post tax retirement account?
What are your financial goals for 2014, and how will you reach them?
Hilton Grand Vacations Club second thoughts. Can I back out now?
Should I pay down my zero APR debt, or keep it in cash until I have to start paying interest?
Is YNAB really a robust budgeting tool or is it "for beginners" much like Mint is?
TIFU but really, it's been like 4 months of F'ing U. Settled a debt, What's the outcome?
Creating a budget is great and all, but how do you stick to it?
Why Do I Need an Emergency Fund?
How to prioritize financial obligations for next 3 years?
Budgeting with irregular income (student loans, wedding, etc)?
What is your second income?
Increasing tax exemptions and putting the difference in money in my 403(b)?
x-post from PFCanada: Advice / Acceptable loss when selling recently financed car?
Would it be beneficial to take name off a join cc account with debt?
Vanguard Target Retirement 2020 Fund to put the money I want to buy a house with in ~6 years?
$110k in Student Loan Debt...Just inherited $138k after taxes What should I do?
Should I transfer my pre-tax IRA funds to my Roth IRA or keep both accounts as is?
I'd love some help finding a credit card! Any advice?
How do I get my full employer 401k match?
Is it OK to max out a credit card as long as I'm paying its bill in full on time?
Any reason not to pay off PMI?
Loosing my freedom for 3 years, how do I invest without spare time?
Where should I put my tax return this year?
How much did your house REALLY cost?
Need to somehow receive weekly deposits from parents for grocery money. How should I do this? (US)
Can someone please clarify an issue I have regarding my student loans?
21 yrs old, disabled, with student debt. What can I do?
I'm currently in college and I'm looking for the smartest way to start saving, any ideas?
If you instil financial advice to a brand new College student that will help them in years to come, what would it be?
Employer's 401K is under performing badly. I want out. How?
401k and Roth IRA only in Index Funds (22y/o)?
Well off student. Where should the money go?
Discover card price protection, anyone use it?
Stolen iPhone that was purchased with a Citicard Visa?
(Canada) I want to put my money into something that will gain alot of interest? (I dont even know what im talking about)
~$230k in stocks. What should we do?
401k &amp; savings suggestions...where to start?
401k Checkup- Opinions?
College student who just got my first job. Making more than I need, and I have about $200 a month to put away. I know it's not a lot, but is there something more responsible to do with it than stick it in a savings account?
Got a promotion at work recently, but the salary increase is much lower than I hoped/expected. Should I try to negotiate?
How do I track down bill I owe?
How can I find all my collection accounts?
How much of my take home pay should be going to hobbies/wants?
Is hoarding points from credit card rewards programs a bad idea due to inflation?
Anyone have experience consolidating student loans with sofi.com?
Looking for advice: Is there any easy answer the the question "What percentage of my income should go to what?"
What does /r/pf use for tax software?
Should I cash out my Roth IRA to pay down student loans?
Senior in college, have some cash and a job starting in 5 months. Should I invest now?
Should I close my optional 401k through employer, and just contribute to my Roth IRA?
3 Fund Portfolio or Target Funds for Roth IRA?
Mint.com tracking Vanguard dividends incorrectly?
Worried that I am a miser ??
Is there any way to manually enter account values into Mint?
Review my plan for longer term investments not earmarked for retirement?
Is there any way to use those "checks" my credit card sends me to my advantage?
$1,000 Student Refund Check: Use it to pay back loan principle or invest it?
What are the pros and cons of taking out a HELOC to pay off student loans?
Recently started working, what steps should I take?
Should I use funds from a Fidelity investing account to make a lump mortgage payment?
Paid off my car loan early and my credit score dropped 10 pts (on creditkarma). What gives?
How to add authorized user accounts in mint.com and calculate the credit utilization properly when considering authorized user accounts?
Why should I pay off mortgage quickly vs saving the extra cash? [serious]
How Many Credit Cards Should I Have?
How do you track receipts/deductions/write-offs/donations in real time throughout the year?
Should I refinance my car loan?
Invest or just contribute to retirement?
Tax smoothing?
Book advice?
redditors in the silicon valley - which do you think is a better deal: renting, or buying a condo?
Decided to buy a house 14-18 months from now - Where should I save up the down payment?
How much saving is too much saving?
15k in cash (after taxes) to pay down debt- pay down car loan or pay off credit card transfer balance?
401k Traditional or 401k Roth? - 22 years old
Debt consolidation on a single credit card?
Resources for an older person to learn PF basics?
Best Saving/Investing Advice For A 21 Year Old Making $30k A Year with $4k saved?
Vanguard Taxed Account: What to Add?
Got married in 2013. Wife contributed to a Roth IRA during the year, but our income is too high for Roth contributions. Advice?
Paying credit card off when statement is due = 0 utilization?
Living off last month's income....does it count towards EF?
Those of you that have it, how are you using Simple and/or the Simple debit card?
How do I become okay with buying a vacation?
What Does This Mean For SIRI Shares?
Am I a money-hoarder?
I need help budgeting. Who should I turn to?
Will a dormant credit card that's never been used hurt my credit score?
What should I do with my ~76K?
Should I wait to consolidate student loans until after I start my first job?
I'm 18, and don't know much about finance. What are some things I can do now that I'll be thankful for later down the road?
Only One Disability Plan Available - Take It?
How do I start buying stocks?
Have ~$3,600 in credit card debt, I can pay it off in about 4 months. Should I get a new credit card with 0% APR and transfer the balance?
Should I get a car? Budget and income details inside.
25m without a clue. Can save $3k+/mo. How should i start planning?
Budget/Finance Tracker for getting paid hourly?
Is it safe to give out your bank account number?
Experian Score: Different online vs. credit union?
You need money to make money, right? With no savings, should you use a credit card to move to a new country for a new job? (MAS)
Who owes this hospital bill?
Is an MBA the right move financially for me?
What is the difference between IRA providers?
I am a high school senior. What should I do now to help me later in life?
US Air is leaving Star alliance program - Any ideas?
If I have the money, should I be paying off my student loans?
I am 26 years old with 0.41 in saving. How bad is it?
How are the estimates for retirement calculated?
Absolute best 401k funds?
How do I plan for my future life goals when they require a good amount of money? It is even possible to be financially smart about such things?
Credit limit went up 1000%-- is this good or bad for my credit score?
Max out Roth 401(k) or Roth IRA?
Best way to invest 20k euro in Ireland?
Credits cards decreasing limits after large payments?
How will paying my student loans off early affect my credit score?
(US) How Confident do you think 401(k) will hold up in the future?
IRA in addition to 401k?
23 year old with no credit. What is the best credit card to open?
My SO says 401ks are "too risky." But says if he won $10k he would invest it. Help me help him?
In the event of a market crash during retirement should I take money out of bonds instead of stocks?
What iPhone apps do you recommend for tracking personal spending (i.e. food, clothes, etc)? [CA]
Should I max out my Roth IRA for 2013 or leave that money in Savings?
Anybody with Natwest student/graduate accounts who can provide a bit of advice? (UK)
How do I survive financially whilst I recover from surgery?
[UK] Should I get a credit card?
Which should I focus on first? An emergency fund or next months bills?
Is it possible to get my credit score any hire or should i be ok?
How to get started investing money?
Houses, condos, duplexes, renting? What would you do given my situation?
Recently Married - will my partner's bad credit impact mine and how can I help re-build her credit ?
How are we doing financially?
What to do with my Simple IRA? (details inside)
Best credit card for a Canadian?
If student loans are a big part of your debt, what impact could this have when it comes to filing for bankruptcy?
Will be moving to second job after graduation, going to need a car. Why not buy new?
Is this a bad time to invest in index funds?
How much should I save out of each paycheck?
HELP!...Just got charged $1,200 for an access check that I did not request, what can I do?
Expected tax refund: increase by borrowing from savings? Invest it? Reduce student loan debt?
Student loans or car loan?
I'm a freshman college student without a bank account, and I just came upon some money and I want to open an account. What do I do? (CA)
Dad (53M) got laid off after 32 years of having a very steady job, how can I (18M) help him?
Student loan interest deduction past calendar year end?
Should I get a student loan?
Considering long-term investment. Index funds? Real estate? (DE-Eurozone)
What is the best type of account to set up for someone else in the event their income is cut off?
Next step?
DAY TRADERS: Please help?
What are the best credit cards out there from a rewards perspective?
Have defined benefit plan for retirement. How should I supplement it?
What kinds of records should I be keeping? How long should I save them?
How large of a credit increase should I request?
Can someone give me an ELI5 explanation on employer matching? I am trying to pitch my GF's 403b plan to her and want to make sure I have everything down.
What's so terrible about these 401k fund choices?
What do I do next?
How do payments work if you use a credit card with an active balance transfer on it?
Should I get rid of my financial advisor?
Any reputable debt counseling service?
Help me allocate my funds in savings and debt repayment?
Any traveling consultant considerations?
[Bankruptcy] Does incorrect info regarding creditors from my credit report have to be listed in my creditor list for my bankruptcy?
Collection Agency Reporting to Bureaus?
Are these CDs worth it?
Best cards to use to build credit?
What do you suggest I do to reach my goals?
If I qualify for a Credit Union now but in the future won't meet their eligibility requirements will I get kicked out?
Small loan--Bank or Credit Union?
is anyone familiar with structuring intrafamily loans when it cones to using the IRS's applicable federal rate?
Forced to get FHA loan although we have more than 20% down, any advice?
I am using a Roth IRA as part of my EF. Is this stupid?
What's the best way to take a trip to Guatemala?
I am using a Roth IRA as part of my EF. Is this stupid?
Max roth IRA, or emergency fund first?
Should I cancel whole life insurance?
What to do with an extra $500/month: save or pay off loans?
Can I still contribute to my 2013 401k? My contribution is shifting to 2014 and I am not max on my 2013.
Married Redditors - what works for you financially? Bank accounts, credit cards, life insurance, etc.
26 y/o. 140K income. Maxed 401k for 2013. Where do I go from here in regards to money managment?
YNAB sale?
I'm 18 and I want to start out on the right foot. Any advice?
Should I apply for another credit card?
I make 100K and my spouse is unemployed. Should she fill out the FAFSA?
Should I pay off my low-rate student loans?
Loans that can improve my credit score?
Dating couple looking to save for the future - any tips/advice?
How much do you put in your RRSPs? (CA)
I am a student in the southern US. Help me look at my budget?
How much is safe to borrow? (Student loans)
My father is 62, lost his job, living off savings, and hasn't taken Social Security because you "get more if you take it later". Is that true?
I'm 16 years old and I'm about to start my first job. Budget feedback and advice?
Applying for multiple credit cards for the free flights. Should i do it?
How do you, personally, budget?
Are bank employees allowed to disclose transactions?
Need quick favor: What startup credit card company gives you Mint style analytics and built-in budgeting tools?
I just got my first job out of college, I don't make much, but I want to buy a house within 5 years. What is the best way to make this a reality?
Is land a inflation-proof long term investment? (IE)
Should I slow down with my credit cards?
Converting a traditional IRA to Roth IRA?
Should I save to take out less of a loan next year or pay down student loans now?
Frequent Flyer Miles?
ELI5: Why do Roth 401ks/IRAs have contribution limits? Is the Gov't essentially hedging against future lost tax revenue?
22, single, first job last year. How do I get ready to do my taxes this year?
Best Online bank going into 2014?
Best places to find information on C-Corp/S-Corp tax benefits for self employed software contractor in Illinois?
How is this going to affect my credit score?
What should I do with the savings from my stipend?
What happens if you max out your Roth IRA, and your income exceeds the maximum limit?
(US) Hey r/personalfinance! senior in highschool here and Im getting anxious about financial stuff when im living on my own. Answers please?! thanks!
First time doing my taxes with a Roth IRA and 401(k). Is there anything I need to know?
Anyone use discover's online checking account?
Can I report a portion of my 2012 income on my 2013 tax return?
Why Are You Here? Probably to Avoid Being Part of These Crowds
Upon getting married, should both parties keep all their credit cards, should one cancel theirs and be added to their husband's? What's the best route?
Do you think the impending retirement crisis will cause the (US) government to step in?
Inherited house question, renting it out to pay taxes?
What do you include in your calculations for an Emergency Fund?
W-4s and Itemized Deductions?
What's the best way to attain credit standing?
If you make &gt;150k, you are not eligible to contribute to a IRA / Roth IRA, correct?
Almost done with my first album. I want to donate ALL of my sales profits to support brain cancer and lymphoma research...what's the best way to go about doing that?
Pay off Car Loan Balance?
2 Simple Questions - How should I proceed to pay of my debt? What is a good beginner travel rewards card?
How to invest $100 per month for my children?
Selling a house for less: Are there options other than a short sale?
FSA money, what to do?
My wife wants to spend half our wedding budget in food and alcohol... how do you talk reason into someone?
I lost my job today. What are my options form here?
How do I find out the value of something for donation?
maxing out 401k vs saving cash for house down payment?
Credit card or loan to restructure debt? (UK)
Ally online checking - does it require regular deposits?
If someone gave you 100k today and you didn't need it to live on, how would you go about investing it for a 2-5 year period?
Quicken classes and training?
Taxable accounts used like a Roth if your in the 15% bracket?
Married, no kids, no debt, minimal assets... Do I really need a will? (AU)
(TX) Bought a house in May 2013. Any tax breaks?
/r/PF I screwed up and made non-deductible contributions to my IRA this year. What to do now?
What is the most aggressive index fund I can invest in right now for a taxable Vanguard account? Going to spend only $3000 for now - 21 years old
My mom needs help paying bills, but will not accept my assistance. How do I convince her to allow me to help?
What is PF's opinion on this article?
How to include a defined pension plan in a balanced portfolio?
How to approach a CLI?
How will student loan forgiveness affect my financial future?
My brother wants to claim EXEMPT on his W4 for an upcoming $10k bonus. He intends to pay taxes on it at the end of the year (after making interest on it). Is this a terrible idea?
Would anyone be interested in an Excel sheet that helps you keep track of your finances? I just cleared mine for the year and I can share it with you all
Paying for College?
How to calculate what partner should pay for health insurance?
How can I "shop" around for the best mortgage interest rates, without having multiple "hard" credit checks? More info/questions inside.
Should I apply for another CC?
Can anyone provide a step-by-step procedural method for analyzing and picking funds? (for amateur, getting-started investor with non business degree, late twenties)
How much do I need to make to afford a car priced $x?
21 Year old student w/ about $18,000 in savings and a part time job. Need investing advice? Details inside.
Need advice on how to use inheritance. Student loans? Travel? Wedding? Help!
So I got a Visa Gift Card, how do I unload it without incurring fee-hell?
How are we doing financially?
What should I do with 900 dollars? (Freshman in college)
Just opened a Roth IRA…Do I contribute to multiple funds?
Parents with grown kids: how well were you able to predict your children's financial future?
Getting charged too much for auto insurance?
How am I doing?
I'm moving some mutual funds from one firm to another, should I contribute the funds to a Roth IRA or keep it in the brokerage account?
Moving stocks from Sharebuilder to Vanguard?
Can someone explain what\how a brokerage account works?
Can I make 2013 Roth IRA contributions AFTER filing my 2013 taxes and receiving my return (before April 15)?
First time poster here. Beginning medical school next year at $35,000 a year, while fiancee is beginning P.A. school at $15,000 a year. I have read the FAQ and rules and have minor experience in personal budgeting/frugality. What should my gameplan be? More information inside.
Pay down car loan faster, refinance, or continue to make Roth IRA contributions?
Is there a period of time I should wait before refinancing my car?
Assessing 2013 Finances, How Do I View Student Loans?
idea on asset allocation for $400k in retirement assets for 80yr old?
Do I need a HSA at 21? If so, where do I begin?
Aside from lowering my adjustable gross income, if my marginal tax rate is estimated to be not much different in retirement, why contribute to a 401k past company match?
How should I invest my 401k?
Leaving the fed - keep TSP?
Why is there no "Vanguard Total Government Bond" fund?
I just got a new job that pays significantly more than I used to. How can I leverage that against improving my credit score to buy a house? [more in comments]
Is paying off a loan as fast as I can necessarily the BEST option? Am I losing out on investment opportunities? Out of college and very confused.
Should I get power of attorney for my wife?
Am I maxing out my employer's contribution for retirement?
BOA Homeowner's Insurance Scam?
Denied credit because of too little credit utilization?
Help reducing taxable income?
Does changing my allocations in my 401k 'cost'?
Is a Vanguard IRA the best option for us?
New Compensation Structure - How to best control spending?
Mother in debt, I have a great paying job that is ending this year. Should I help her? [Canada]
How can I help ensure my niece has a good financial future?
What's the best I can do with these poor 401k choices?
Opening Vanguard account: Is this a scam?
Anyone have any advice for an American living in Canada?
Under 20k Income, What To Do Before Filing Tax Return To Maximize Tax Credits? (xpost /r/taxes)
Transferring IRA from Capitol One 360 to Schwab. Both say it's free to do so. Will i get hit by taxes or fees?
Why are people currently buying bonds?
Emergency Fund vs Wedding?!
Creating a diversified portfolio with a pile of money using ETF's and index funds? Help me figure stuff out...
US Risk free rate?
CapOne GM Card Opinions?
International ETFs performing way below average: advice?
What would help restore my credit better?
Should I split my investments between two brokerages?
Capital One Membership Fee?
Should I put a MAXIMUM into a Roth 401k and a MINIMUM into my student loans each month?
25 Year Old with No Debt will start Career in September. How should I plan for Retirement from Day 1? (No Employer-Sponsored Plan Option)
Should I rent an apartment or buy a house?
Pay off loan or begin saving for retirement?
(US) Tried to use annualcreditreport, but experian and transunion wont let me view it?
Should I pull money from my NICSX fund?
How can I mitigate spending 40K on a masters program?
Roll over non matched 403b to an IRA?
Should I payoff my student loans or keep them for low-interest rates?
Should 401k contributions be distributed the same as your intended diversification?
University refunded extra money twice, what should I expect?
Fiance has ~$130k in student loans from a few false starts in college. What is the smartest way to proceed?
Looking for advice - Do I have too much savings?
Should you manage your own money? When should you bring in a professional?
When will a penny stock turn into a "standard" stock?
Am I screwed for 2013's taxes?
23M Should I apply for bankruptcy?
Looking for a new job, how should I go about getting an increase in pay?
Mortgage Question: Having a baby, roof has started leaking. Should I refi?
Newly married or long-term relationship redditors: what are some efficient and effective ways of managing finances together (as a couple or a "team"?)
Possible to cash out a 403b early without leaving employment?
Canadian expat to the US, what to do with RRSP?
Car Loans?
34M with $22,000 credit card judgement against me plus $25,000 in student loan. What do I do???
How much money am i owed?
Are there any downsides to opening a personal line of credit?
Renting rooms to lodgers in my house: tax impact?
Need some PF advice. Help?
Can I buy a home?
Neither Capital One nor Ally offer two-factor authentication for their high-interest online savings accounts. Is there a better option?
Should my kids' 529s and my optional retirement contribution be options to cut to help strengthen our position?
I pay my girlfriends daughter's childcare costs, even though I have no relation to her daughter. Am i entitled to any tax writeoffs?
In nine months I start my journey to becoming nearly a quarter million in debt. How important are my saving/spending habits until then? (US)
Higher rent to get a place for myself?
Lowest safe temperature for a home with oil heat?
Anyone listen to Bob Brinker's Money Talk radio show/podcast?
Got a small cash infusion. What's the smartest way to handle it?
Found savings bonds maturing in 2018. Anything to plan for?
What financial advice would you give to a college student that you wish you knew when you were in college?
How much does it really cost to have somebody live with you?
PF Any thoughts on how to prepare future kids for the emotional and financial realities of an inheritance?
Can not paying for this magazine damage my credit?
Taking out personal loans on top of student debt?
Roth IRA fidelity vs vanguard?
Rental home as an investment?
Funding a Roth IRA while living in NY?
Pay off credit card or save for purchase?
403A or roth IRA? Employer doesnt match.
Should I go to a decent school that's less expensive, or one that I really like that will increase my debt?
Doing my own taxes for the first time this year. Any advice?
Vanguard Target Retirement Funds - Better to just purchase admiral shares versions of the components?
Investing as an Expat - am I eligible to open a Roth or traditional IRA with no income earned Stateside? (Korea)
15% off hospital bill if paid up front, cash. Take it or pay installments?
24 (UK) and a financial "blank slate"- no debts, no assets, no investments. Where do I begin? (xpost financialindependence)
Am I paying off my debts correctly?
Tax effects of renting my house out?
Age 25, 35K salary, NYC - what kind of Roth account?
(FL/USA) What's really deducted when filing federal (property) taxes?
$10,000 bonus from work...exempt and pay additional per month or take the hit immediately?
WHEN should you pay CC bill to maximize credit reporting?
Average starting pay of a teacher in the US?
25yr old - $65k living at parents' with no debt. How irresponsible would it be for me to buy a living space?
Can someone explain what happened to ACVAX on December 16-18, 2013?
What do I do when I empty my emergency fund due to an emergency and it's not enough?
How do I dispute delinquent marks on my credit?
Liquidate brokerage to contribute to Roth IRA?
A few questions about my loans - Consolidate? release co-signer? Pay more or start saving?
Should I check all three credit scores at once? Or spread them out?
Should we travel while we're young, or save for retirement?
Is it possible to take home more income by increasing pre-tax deductions?
Deceased Grandfather's IRA's, Can I Close Them(get the money)? (Connecticut)
Is it still a good time buy a house?
Low value IRA. No longer contributing. Custodial fees. Options?
Should I add my husband as an authorized user on my credit card (it currently has no balance) to help him build new credit or will my lower credit score negatively impact his score by linking him to my credit history, even though this account is in good standing?
Best discount for TurboTax this year?
UTMA/529 Account - Taking out the money?
How to calculate 35-year gains with changing asset allocation? (not a fixed percentage)
Whole Life Insurance - what about liquidity?
32 year old making $32k. Can I realistically live on this, or do I need to make some income/expense changes?
IRA penalty less than income tax ?
Expecting a baby in 2014 - Update W4 now?
Commuting: How far is too far, &amp; how should one incorporate this into salary negotiation?
How do you gauge average salaries?
I did a very small bit of stock market play. What do I have to do tax wise?
Would an auto loan be right for me?
Girlfriend is having a great deal of trouble with getting a credit card due to a fuck up from her parents. What can we do? (CA)
If I receive a 10% raise, can I simply apply that percentage to my net pay for one pay stub (semi-monthly) to see my additional take home pay per paycheck?
Dad wants to build a house and put it in my name, is this a good idea?
Money is really depressing me. Any advice? [X-post from r/depression]
Just found out I have 43 shares of Comcast stock, what should I do with it?
24 year old making 42K/year, should I start a 401k/457 plan if my employer isn't matching?
Will a company credit card affect my credit score?
Own real estate free and clear but have fair credit and need to move quickly what to do? LONG
Mortgage calculator that can demonstrate effect of additional payments toward principal?
Mint.com question - way to tie value of precious metals to index price?
Amazon store card? Can I pay it off early without any extra fees?
33 yr old, new career, new start - but where? (LONG)
How to start over building credit?
I unknowingly commingled the heck out of my kids UTMA funds. What do I do now?
Backdoor Roth 2013/14 at the same time or just 2013?
What is the better investment IBM stock or buying a first home?
SOL On Debt; Can I Buy A House?
Rationale for the student loan interest deduction being capped at $2,500 whether filing as "single," *or* "married filing jointly"?
No Debt Or 100% Return On 401k?
Money sitting in previous 401k forwarded to another company. What next?
Do you have experience setting your retirement contributions to automatically increase each year?
Smart to take out a personal bank loan to pay off credit cards?
Short term savings. What are my options?
Closing a credit card, how big a hit to score?
Best ROI of $1000 for 1 year at low-moderate risk?
Do extended warranties make financial sense?
Beginning of 2014. Credit Cards: Chase Freedom, Discover, AMEX BCP, how did these cards treat you in 2013?
Any experience with InfoArmor / PrivacyArmor?
So what is the "average" return for the stock market?
"Refinance" Federal Stafford Loan down from 7%? Which bank?
Why not use savings accounts in other countries?
Using saving to earn airline miles?
New HSA account questions - upcoming LASIK and what's the point of post-tax contributions?
So my credit took a hit, what can I do?
Zero Credit, what credit card can I actually get?
Taxable investing prior to maxing 401k for tax diversification?
Refinancing Student Loan with Home Equity Loan?
Is it bad to pay off my credit balance multiple times before the due date at the end of the month?
Anyone else here receive a letter from Discover Card stating "...per regulations" they need current income information in case they decide to raise your credit limit?
Credit Monitoring and Identity Theft Protection, why or why not?
I believe this cash value policy is safer and will net higher yields than investing in my 401k. Your thoughts?
Kind of a newbie to this... but what counts as an average sized, large sized, or small sized tax return refund?
I'm 23 and I want to start saving for my future. Where DO I begin?
How and where to (cheaply) buy iShare ETFs? (CA)
I pay $350.00 a month towards my student loans (48k remaining) with a relatively low interest rate - should I really be hellbent on paying this off?
I did some research--so how did I do on my 401k allocations?
Sending a Letter to Debt Collector for Payment &amp; Deletion of Collection Status - How Does This Look?
How much of my student debt should I aim to pay off every month? (no minimum)
Sell the mutual fund and reinvest in my Vanguard account?
Recently inherited a significant (by my standards) chunk of change - What should I do with it to not waste it and help it appreciate?
Student Loans @ 5.375% or contributing to 401k?
College Student.. Working on getting finances in order, but ... health insurance?? (Wall of text)
Thinking about invest $3,000 into Vangaurd's VTSMX. When would be the best time to do it and how?
How is my IRA asset allocation? 3-funds.
Wife's car - should we pay it off?
YNAB users, care to lend me your ear and dispense some advice?
Sizeable Inheritance Among Grandchildren - What should we do and consider?
Filed auto claim and now having second thoughts about getting the repair--ok to keep the cash?
Simple tax returns - is an accountant worth it?
How much car can I afford?
Should I just pay the monthly minimum on my students loans? Is there an advantage to that?
33/M and 32/F expecting our first child - How are we doing, and what should we do differently?
I just got hired at a second job... what do I do with my W-4s?
28 year old looking to purchase first home, any advice?
Hello! I'm 21 and just got approve for chase sapphire rewards card, can you help answer my questions about building credit and staying out of debt?
Increase 401k or go with IRA (or Other)?
I need to hire an accountant to help with my tax situation for the first time. Any thoughts or tips on how to choose a good accountant?
Being too frugal?
Does max 401k contribution always yield largest net retirement sum?
Can I cancel credit card with no repercussions?
Banking jobs over seas?
ELI5: Why are insurance products a bad way to save for retirement?
Inherited IRA - cash it out or leave it?
Best Place to Keep Money for 2-4 Years?
Make $260k in income, can't afford a house. What are we doing wrong?
Tax help for a truck driver?
Who are your beneficiaries and what percent?
Young organic farmer. 12k debt, low income. Just made a personal $ plan for the year. Any critique?
Why do people say "Unless you are putting all your money in them, that's not really how they are supposed to be used" about date targeted retirement funds?
My credit card doesn't offer credit limit increases.... Should I just get a new one?
Is it wise to get a 30 year mortgage being 90% sure that I can pay off the house in 15 years?
Redeem EE bonds to pay for Student Loan?
drive my car until she dies or trade her in?
[UK] I have the cash to pay of my student debt early. Should pay it off, or am I right to hold onto the debt since it is low interest?
How do I find the right CPA and how much should I pay?
Applying for a credit card with no income?
26, taking time away from work, am I screwed?
Pipe burst in my house, do I have to wait to hear from insurance company to start repairs?
Can I take Roth IRA money out without penalty?
Should I get a credit card?
How to best allocate income, debt, and asset and bill payments between a couple?
Started my own business right out of school. Starting to generate profit... when to move out of my parents' house?
Is there a benefit to doing a Roth IRA instead of a Roth 401k?
Any tips on getting my tiny credit union to link up with Mint?
This year, i made money with my appartments (20k). I'll have (a lot) income taxes to pay on that money. Household income of 150k in 2013 (including the 20k). I could I avoid paying half of the 20k in taxes? (Im from Canada).
Is there an alternative for MINT in the UK?
Is there a way to accept transfers into my account without having to give out my account number?
Consolidation of Student Loans?
A bit short on funds for school next year - thoughts?
100-Year Inflation-Adjusted Housing Price Growth is Less Than 1%/Year - then why the fuck should I invest in a property?
hello, im 25 and wanted a new bank or credit union, which is the best in your opinion?
How do you count your retirement accounts towards networth?
Where's the best place to invest 20k?
Keep savings bonds or invest?
Can you refinance if you have 90% LTV?
Is Chase about to charge $9.99/mo to use mint.com?
Best credit card for cash back on Amazon spending? Looking for personal experiences.
Just checked my credit score for the first time, Unknown debt?
Why is /r/financialindependence not in the "Other Subreddits to visit:" list?
Is there a way to "refresh" changed accounts on mint without deleting and adding accounts again?
Transferring €50,000 into GBP whats the best way?
How can I find out if I'm owed any money?
I've been lucky enough to receive a scholarship to study away from home, how can I ensure to save money living in a very expensive environment? (AU)
Who Can I Hire To Calculate the Value of An Estate?
What's the most efficient and practical way to budget my money when my income fluctuates hundreds of dollars each month?
What happened to MyEdAccount.com?
How much is too much retirement savings?
My father passes away unexpectedly. How do we figure out our financial situation in a timely manner?
Redditors: What steps have you taken following the Target security breach?
Any Advice on Keeping Expenses Low in a Big City After College?
10k Difference in 401k and Personal Cap?
What to look for (and what not to look for) when looking for a CPA?
Is pre-selected the same as pre-approved?
Is $45,000 too much in an HSA?
Alternatives to a 401K?
Better to pay off student loans or keep open to increase average age of revolving credit lines on credit report?
How should someone very near retirement lacking both financial skills and savings move in the right direction?
Debtless Canadian college student wanting to invest small amount in the S&amp;P, how to go about doing that?
Interview Question @ JPMorgan: How would you invest $1 million dollars in 2014?
Anyone gotten calls from Personal Capital?
Should I transfer my money to a Credit Union?
Moving abroad - Leave old 401k in place or rollover to IRA? And how can I continue saving for retirement?
I'm almost there! Finish off student loans or defer to support other goals?
Is this an error on my credit report?
Best way to understand allocation when spread across multiple accounts?
$10'000 - How can i turn this into more and do it quickly? (AU)
Canadian working in the US - what happens to my investments when I move back?
Can I afford this rent?
Roth Roth Roth is heard often in this sub. Can anyone make a solid case for contributing 100% to a traditional 401k over a Roth 401k?
If I pay my debt will my credit score recover?
Accidentally made full contribution to wrong IRA acct - What to do?
Car loan at 3.85%, credit score 740. Should I try and refinance?
How much for emergencies, how much to pay off credit card debt?
Pay for delete on student loans?
My car just got repossessed. Now what?
How many "liquid accounts" does everyone have? (not retirement, CDs etc)
Is there a general consensus around here on Target Retirement Date Funds in an RRSP? (CA)
How do I start saving? 17/m
Pay off the last 4 months of car payment?
Inheritance question? Gold, 57 Corvette, vast coin collection.
26 years old. I am making double my income temporarily. Where should I put the money into?
Will I need a credit score to open a bank account?
Age: 26. Salary: 48K. Temporarily making double income. What to do with the extra money?
Boss hates retirement funds (IRA + 401k)... advice?
Mom can't break they cycle of debt, what are our options?
Gotchas financing a car after moving to a new city?
Credit Newbie. What is a derogatory mark?
PF Veterans: How many of these "5 Scientifically Proven Ways to Save Money" are you doing?
Does rent affect your credit?
What are the benefits to investing in an actively managed mutual fund (vs an Index fund)?
How to pay off credit card with another credit card?
The line item of "Tuition" was missing from last semester's bill and is now also missing from this semester's. Can they retroactively charge me in the future?
How much does divorce effect your credit?
I am 20 years old and just sold my business for $30k. Where do I put my money?
How do I sell stock options/certificates now that the company is public?
Could you all check my budget and give any other starting advice?
Company moving from 'to date' paycheck system to 'arrears' paycheck system. Am I getting screwed in the transition?
Lots of excess cash, what do I do with it?
Can I Afford This House?
I've inherited enough to pay my student loans. What's the most effective way to do so? X/post from Askreddit
Employers with optional federal withholding?
'Pre-selected' CC offer too good to be true?
Should I prolong student loan payments, since that is my oldest line of credit?
I got the verification of my debt. Can someone please clear some things up for me and help me figure out what the best course of action is?
I have about 60k sitting in my bank account. Someone mentions there are LOTS of different accounts and things I can do with that to make more money on my money. What do you all recommend?
Should I get my taxes done by a family friend or do them myself?
Buying a house questions...how much house do you really need?
How to get better credit card offers?
Can someone help me understand the implication of my marriage on my taxes?
I want to grow up, pretty much starting out with financial planning, should I get financial a planner?
Hi all! Want to buy a house in a couple of years! I have great credit! Just learned husband has no credit! How can I build his credit score? Advice please!!!
What are PF's opinions about Jewish or Islamic "interest free" loans/mortgages? Has anyone had any experience with them?
Living abroad, is this a sound plan for CC usage? Expat advice welcome!
Not having a credit or debit card with primary bank?
Take money from emergency fund and max 2013 Roth IRA?
How can I protect my identity?
Advice: 25y/o, married, working fulltime, 57k student loans, looking to buy a house. What do?
Advice: Buying a house good option?
Should we purchase a house? (live NH, work MA)
Using a SEP-IRA. Should I convert to a Solo 401k or Roth Solo 401k?
I find myself a lot more frugal than my peers... is it possible to be too frugal? How do I be less frugal?
Can I use Mint when I'm not from the US?
At what interest rate should I pay off debt vs invest cash?
New job offer, but at a time where I stand to lose my year-end bonus at current job. What do?
Why not use a Roth IRA as your emergency fund?
How Many Different Investment Management Companies Do You Use?
Vanguard: I can't figure out how to do this. I've transferred $5500 to Vanguard after opening an account. Now what?
Leaving job, can I use HSA account to buy travel health insurance?
I recently gave $25k to a financial adviser to invest/manage for me and he has allocated it into 5 different funds. I'm a noob at this so can anyone tell me what exactly I've done, and is this good or am I getting screwed? Details inside.
Tax return, file as independent or dependant?
What should I do with a very small trading account?
Bought a house last July. What papers out of this absolutely massive pile do I keep?
Best podcast for Investing?
ELI5 Why can't I ask my company to pay me in stocks so I qualify for a lower, capital gains tax after 1 year?
Father has me save credit card receipts to make sure they match my statements. I hate doing this. Is there a better way?
Took out a car loan 3 months ago. Now I want to pay it off. Will this hurt credit score?
Should I use emergency fund to pay off high interest credit card?
What's next? Good income, on the right track.
Is Affordable Care Act really affordable for all? Curious about your thoughts after I read this article
Full time college student needing to file taxes for the first time. Where do I start?
22 y/o, 64k salary, what do I do after I max my Roth IRA?
Max out 401k or contribute to taxable account?
What's the highest and lowest APR on a credit card you've ever had, and how did you achieve your lowest?
Please help me figure out how to get the most out of my 401k before I leave my job?
I'm 26, how do I file my taxes for the first time?
First Credit Card Suggestions?
If my income changes every month, how do you begin having a budget?
If you max your Roth IRA, can you contribute to a company Roth 401K?
What is the best way to use my car totaling settlement?
Are there any good ways of getting a loan on the day that you need it?
My company is giving me a "relocation allowance" of $24k. How will that be taxed?
Does USDA loan income requirements include taxes?
Home-office deduction for room in apartment? What about for use of apartment office?
Discover Money Market?
For student loans, is it always better to pay off highest interest rate loans first?
I'm about to start a 401K with my company, but will most likely be leaving (quitting) within 3-4 months...what will happen to the money that is in my 401K plan?
Best way to invest Roth IRA money?
Usaa vs schwab, checking and brokerage. I know many of you advocate Charles schwab and I've opened a checking and brokerage account for a Roth IRA there. That said, which would you prefer esp if you have access to both like I do? In the past usaa mutual funds seemed to do well for me.
If I have 0% APR for my credit card for a limited amount of time, does it hurt my credit score to carry the same balance over that set period of time and not make any payments toward that balance?
Shifting personal funds into new accounts, and what is my outlook for buying a house?
APR Bump on Credit Cards, Close or Keep Open?
As a server, what percentage of my wages should I save per month to cover the taxes I will owe at the end of the year?
Similar question, but didn't want to hijack a thread. Should I consider using my emergency fund to pay off cc debt?
401k maxed out in TR, now where do I put my Roth?
buying into mortgage to help parents?
Have 25k in savings, what is the best thing I can do with it?
20K to invest into Vanguard taxable account. 1 admiral, 2 investor share? Target Retirement?
Does anyone know much about credit card companies?
Two weeks of foreign income from 2013... Do I even need to mention it on my tax return?
Trade-in value of a car after it hits 100,000 miles?
new 1099 contractor, what do i need to know?
How should I handle my student loans?
The difference between Discover It and Discover It for Students?
Bank loan or rent... your reasoning?
Should I put more in savings or more into my student loans?
My wife and I have a horrible car loan. What should we do? Please please help.
What's the deal with the FAFSA assets question being optional for 2014-15?
CPA or TurboTax?
22m, should buying a property or investments be my priority?
I moved to a state with state taxes for the first time in my life (I'm 29). This is my first year filing state + federal, and I bought a house in 2013. Do I use a CPA, or do this myself?
Should I roll my 403b(s) into a 401k?
How do I pick the best credit card for me?
Multiple credit card applications on the same day?
Why am I getting dividends on my Roth IRA?
Is there a risk tolerance investment option in-between money market and equities?
How to argue financial advisor referencing past returns?
ELI5: What is a pension?
Maxing out 401k, Roth - what next?
Is there a tax-efficient way of saving and investing for a short term resident of the US?
12k Credit Debt, Mom graciously offers Cash Loan; What are the best options to pay off and also build credit?
Should I cancel a credit card I no longer use....or keep paying the $95 annual fee?
First child on the way, work status changing, lump sum to allocate. Advice?
How to invest my Roth IRA?
I recently became a heir to a small part of an oil field in North Dakota. What the hell do I do?
Too many credit cards?
How important is a company's 401k contribution?
22F, graduating in May with expensive hobby. How to budget? Ok to not have it together yet?
In 2013 I had $33K in expenses my work reimbursed me for. What credit card should I be using?
Temporary HDHP in order to do a one-time HSA contribution?
Should an early retiree contribute to retirement accounts?
Looking to ease myself into credit cards. Good choices for semi-frequent small purchases?
Took out a car loan 3 months ago. Now I want to pay it off. Will this hurt credit score?
How does my financial health look?
I will be living on my own for the first time soon; is it realistic to expect to live on $1k/month?
Downgrading to an older car to save for a house?
I got an email from Target today. What does it mean? And are there any extra steps I can take to protect myself?
What credit cards do you have, and what are you hoping to eventually get?
80k in private student loan debt: options?
"Amount applied to principal" and "Amount applied to interest" fluctuates wildly month to month with student loans. Can someone explain? (Imgur link inside)
Any advice for an Irish Guy? 23M with €38k($51k) Salary with €45k($60k) savings. (IRE)
How much should I allocate to TSP (federal govt 401k) vs. other accounts (specifically Roth IRA)?
24 yr old engineer, no debt, emergency savings complete and retirement accounts in order. What to do now?
Am I building credit as a co-signer on my auto loan?
My credit is horrible how do I go about repairing it?
My business is now spending around 4K a month in advertising. Which credit card will give the best reward?
30k in credit card debt - should I consolidate or pay off with my 401k/investments?
Just got a new job! Yea! But now what should I do with my pension?
Is this a Craigslist Scam?
Traditional IRA v Roth IRA - Self employed?
Am I doing everything I can to balance my equation?
I paid for 25k of my federal college loans with a USAA loan @ a lower interest rate. Bad idea? How to move forward?
Attempting to prepare for tax season. For my job, should I have entered myself as "Single" after all?
22 years old. Should I be paying $1850/month in rent?
Are insurance benefits taxable?
What's the best way to create a budget?
Can an employer "retroactively" make a 401k match 0% for the year?
Work for state gov't and have a defined-benefit pension plan. Anything I can do/should be doing to augment or ameliorate my retirement planning?
(Request) I successfully filed for bankruptcy last year. As a hopeful future business owner, how can I spend the next 7 years to establish good credit for possible loans?
I'm about $33k in debt with a year left to go in class, and my parents don't think they can afford to cosign my student loans.. am I SOL?
Given a laptop from employer. Can I get a tax deduction?
If I start a business, can my personal debts be associated with it?
Good place to open a small checking account? What should I look for?
What happens if I make a purchase within the last month of my intro 0% apr promo period?
How to Save as a college student working part time? Help!
Switching full term life insurance policies from Farmers to Aviva, good idea?
Which fund should I put my HSA money in?
Great job out of school. Lots of extra income. What do I do? ...in the most uninsulting way
Should I transfer my balance(s)?
You can save money by paying your mortgage biweekly?
Looking to bury money for the purchase of a house, but what is the right choice for us? Talk me through it, PF!
What are your financial goals for 2014?
Employer contributions for 401k?
Is canceling a credit card that I don't want and opening one that I do want a good idea?
Saving to buy other "Things" while paying off debt... How do you all do it?
What should I do with my old credit card debt?
What are your favorite PF apps and why?
SEP-IRA Do I take the the money from my gross pay or do I deduct taxes and then take the SEP-IRA Funds? (USA)
Opinions and Insights, please. Why did my auto loan request get rejected?
What benefits would someone with 775 credit receive when they break the 800 mark? What's the cap?
Am I foolish to pay off my house like this?
Should I pay off my loans or invest more in retirement?
Can I invest my emergency fund?
I had a mixup and now have a bill in collections. How do I solve this?
Trying to re-enter college with in state tuition. Need to file 2 years worth of back taxes in my state to prove residence. Help?
W-4 (2014) - Should I put 1 or 2 on line H?
I'm 23, in college, have zero debt, no student loans, just got my first credit card - what advice do you have?
25 y/o starting a new job -- advice for my state of finances?
[Taxes] Extra Withholding?
Is there any reason to pay off an old debt no longer on my credit report?
How do I convince my wife to contribute to an IRA?
[Taxes] What did I sign for when I filled out my w-4 on the day I was officially hired?
Looking to put away about $20 / month for the next 8 years to put toward my sons first car....best savings modules?
Grandma wants to give me her car. Should we buy out the lease early?
Phased out of Roth IRA. Should I contribute to a traditional?
Help on work-related education that the employer pays for?
$2100 into Bonds, CDs, or Savings Account?
Personal/"Corporate" finance resources?
Where do I start coming out of homelessness?
Best solution for doing my taxes?
I just recently won a lawsuit and am receiving around 500,000 tax free dollars (after lawyer expense). Would it be advisable to invest in an annuity or lump sum and put it in bonds?
Can I still contribute to 2013 HSA?
Should have posted here: how do I figure out how much to put toward retirement monthly?
What percentage of your income goes to rent? Please mention your profession and salary if you could. (AU)
Low income, but complicated tax situation. Best solution for filing?
[Update] Mother in debt, I have a great paying job that is ending this year. Should I help her? [Canada]
Sold asset, should I pay tax now or invest and pay later?
Decided that I want to put all my extra cash away to save for a house. Expected to purchase 5-10 years from now. What type of account should I be looking at?
No payment for credit cards for a year. How to pay now?
Topping off an existing Roth, funding a new Roth, where to start the accounts? Expat advice welcome (again!)
How can I get good health insurance without a job?
Pay off Student Loans or Save for Mortgage? Concerned about rising Property Values.
How does one go about selecting good insurance for a potential surgery?
Anyone know anything about thetraderinpajamas.com?
Traditional or Roth 401K? I'm just starting out, and feel the potential difference could be huge.
Too good to be true?
Finding the right Financial Advisor? Consolidating retirement accounts.
Recent College Grad not sure what to do with savings. Down payment for a house? Continue investing?
Are you owed money? A quick search for Unclaimed Property shows my family is owed over $3000.
[Question]No Credit History. Student loan (3 years). Medical student. Can I get a airline mileage credit card in three months?
$66,000 debt from student loans..how difficult would it be to pay it off? Is it as overwhelming as it looks?
Are savings accounts more complicated than I think? Or is it really as simple as "put money in account and let it accumulate interest over time"
What's the difference between index and index futures?
Does anyone keep a cash emergency fund in their home?
What type of account should I invest in for about 10 years of growth?
Co-signer for a student loan received the 1098-E instead of me. I am the one who paid the loan off. Is there a way to change this?
What is the best way to approach a career change financially and time efficiently for someone who already has a useless degree and tons of debt?
Tax witholding versus Traditional retirement contribution question?
I have $1,200 to pay off some credit card debt - which do I pay down first?
Medium risk investment for $3,000 which I plan to use in 2-3 years?
Is it okay to save a small amount for retirement while paying down debt?
Settle debt with emergency fund?
Sanity Check - Am I doing this right [W-4 for 2014]?
Anyone try Level Money? How does it compare to Mint?
Where should I keep my "safety net" fund? Savings account? CD? STAR fund?
Owe a little federal tax. Any reason to not put money in a Traditional IRA to reduce what is owed?
Should I refinance (details inside)?
I was overseas,my items were in storage, the person responsible for payment did not pay for four months. I have just come back and was notified my items were actioned due to nonpayment. What do?
OH - Family with special needs kids. Is it advisable to have someone else prepare our taxes?
[noobie question] I have 3 loans of equal percentage interest rates. Which do I pay off first?
Student Loan provider put the wrong interest paid amount on 1090E...what should I do besides ask for the right amount?
What's the difference between Ally's money market account and online checking account?
Are those online tax refund estimators even close to correct? (xpost from /r/taxes)
How fast are missed payments for mortgages/credit cards reported on the Credit report?
An tips on budgeting for those with highly variable (commission bases) incomes?
What to do with savings?
Why does it cost more to efile than mail in tax returns?
Student Loans in Default [Rehab Program] - Will I get a Federal Tax Refund or Not?
Time to get serious. Savings, retirement, or pay down debt?
What software/place is best for filing taxes?
In the USA, what is "making it"?
What to do with a totaled car?
Private Student Loan Consolidation - Variable or Fixed?
Am I too old to try to build my Roth IRA?
I have a little less than $20k in student loans, and they're in grace for as long as I'm in grad school (more detail inside). What's the best way to deal with them?
Should I sell my car and buy a used car with the equity?
Mid 20's and received large inheritance. What now?
Effective way to dispute bill that's in pre-collections after failed attempts via phone?
What's the best loan repayment plan for me?
Inherited 401K options?
What can I do about an IRA that I've neglected for a few years?
I have credit cards at both JCPenney and Rooms To Go. Should I use these on a regular or semi-regular basis?
Explain like I'm five what is form 1098-T?
Can you do a 1031 exchange on a primary residence?
/r/personalfinance, what do you drive?
I have $3000 cash sitting at home. I'm 22 years old with 1.5 years left of university until I start a well-paying job. What do I do with it?
Just gained access to an inheritance account - What should I tell the financial advisor?
Post before the big post...My Biggest Debt (outside SLs) SOL is March 2014. What do I do?
What should I do with my old 401k?
r/personalfinance How much have you paid in interest in the past year?
16k in school loans coming due at end of the month. Have several small bills unpaid and hoping to square them at tax time. Car almost paid off. Wondering how best to pay off school loans?
Suggestions for Schwab Roth IRA?
2013 tax questions?
Manipulating the cost of a new car with a shitty loan?
(USA)(SF)Anyone here has any experience with Sterling Bank &amp; Trust?
There are a ton of Personal Finance blogs - what is something you'd like to see in one you haven't seen yet?
Any idea how much of a deduction $817 would be to charity? The Federal Free Edition doesn't let you enter your charitable contributions without upgrading to basic ($20) and I was wondering if it would even be worth it.
Should I be worried about a credit line increase I did not request?
I made no reportable income in 2013. Started a job Jan 1st, 2014. Can I put the money I've made the past month into a Roth IRA for 2013?
Does replacing a CC affect my credit score?
Is it okay to make a "want" purchase while you're paying down debt?
Small 401k plan, company just got Chapter 7 "liquidation", is there any way that I can move, save, or recover my 401k plan?
Where do I start?
Does a second car ever make sense financially?
Who has moved back home after college? How long did you stay? How did it go?
Can anyone recommend a simple personal finance app for the iPhone? (UK)
What would be best- pay off my car or pay back some student loans?
I've been in my first salaried job for a bit over a year. Can you guys help sanity check my 2014 plan?
Key questions to ask when joining a new company? (CA)
Am i ready to buy a home?
Should I invest in bonds? Need help understanding the risks and if they are right for me.
Options if Job doesn't offer 401(k), other than Roth IRA?
Hey r/PF - what is your hobby and how much do you spend towards it?
23, college graduate, living at home, no job for 7 months. Is moving out plausible? I could really use advice.
Indiana 529 Plans -- Any Experience??
Hello everyone, can you help me here?
How do you keep up enthusiasm?
I'm 16, and my parents are recently divorced and both are going through a tough time financially. Ive never even had a bank account, should I check my credit to make sure they aren't using my SSN for loans?
using savings to pay down debt?
How much should you tip?
(CA) Am I able to tap into my education savings to pay work expenses?
Should I pay off my car early or over the time of the finance period?
(AU) I am receiving $200,000 in 2 years. I have some ideas but what can I do to make my money work for me?
Running a $500-700 monthly deficit. Did I make the right financial decision?
£13K to invest. Ideas for best return? (UK)
I paid more student loan interest than I can write off. Any "tricks" of spreading out the write off over future years?
Rebuilding my credit. Should I contact past creditors?
Personal Finance - 2.0 - What to do after you've done all the basics?
How much would you spend on a house?
Received Federal Student Loan, what to do with it?
ignored crushing student debt. reckoning imminent. help?
Recently accepted for Chase Freedom. What is a good credit card to pair with this to maximize cash back rewards?
Forming a battle plan - young adult preparing for all of the big expenses?
Self-Employment income + Inheritance + Student loans = What to do?
Preparing to Repay Student Loans, Considering Various Repayment Plans, Advice?
Any huge oversights in my finances?
Married filing separately?
Husband wants to stay at home with the baby, we've made a budget, but the margin is slim. How much wiggle room do you keep in the budget?
Should my budget include 401k contributions while working to pay off debt?
Provide some input on how my monthly savings should break down?
What credit card has the best mileage/rewards plan?
Where do I put (taxable) savings for the next 5ish years?
Starting to invest @ 53 years old. Strategies for older people?
What's the average income for a 22 year old in America?
Potential grad school in the near future, need help budgeting and saving starting now! Anyone have an excel sheet?
Smart way to start investing money?
My employer offers a tuition reimbursement. Would it be wise to take out a 401k loan?
How do I manage improving my credit score while at the same time using a large percentage of my credit limit?
Judgement on debt at $6000, not sure what's next?
First credit card suggestions?
TurboTax or TaxAct?
Do all married couples without kids pay on taxday or are we doing something wrong?
Paying extra on a 0.9% APR car loan?
Just turned 18, never had a job, and know nothing about personal finance. How do I get started?
IBR- Married filing seperately, amend return?
Rent for a small studio is around $1100 in my area, we're thinking about buying a mobile home with payments around $250, has anyone had any experience with this?
I temporarily work in France. Upon my return to the US, how do I transfer my savings (in Euro) to my US bank account with minimal loss?
Buying a home-how much do I need to save for closing costs, etc.?
Always best to pay the highest balance/APR first?
Has anyone here taken part in a CAP Money System? (UK only AFAIK)
Wise to liquidate all assets to get out of debt asap or have assets and pay the debt out slowly? If both assets and debt are equal in value (PK)
Savings motivation/ strategies when already positive cash flow?
What is the point of CVV or CVS security code on the back of the credit card?
Need to save money on your phone bill? Use these prepaid plans.
[US] Possibly buying a house, are we "ready"?
Getting Married; combining finances - Where to start?
401k with not matching or Roth?
401k with no matching or Roth?
Help? Biweekly pay varies and our budget is failing
Traditional vs. Roth 401k: Does tax-deferment hurt or help me? 27 investing the max.
How to deposit large cash sum with Capital One 360?
Should I be doing more with large inheritance?
Is it legal to adjust state withholding to break even?
Finished filing my taxes for myself and filed jointly, does my wife have to file taxes too?
A quick PF check for me, how am I doing?
Is there enough in my budget to rent an apartment? Or should I be frugal and save for a downpayment on a home?
I make ~$71,000 / year. My only outstanding debt is a 2.9% ~$12,000 Auto Loan. My question to you is: Is the interest rate low enough to justify only paying the minimum monthly ($365) until the end of the loan?
I'm bored as hell in my current job of 5 years with a flat (but nice and easy) salary. I'm considering cutting my income way down and becoming a teacher. Anyone done anything similar? How'd it work out?
How much did it cost to furnish your house?
Do I need to tell my mortgage provider I'm selling my flat? (UK)
Should I apply for student card or get a basic regular credit card?
With exception to a future mortgage, is it 'reasonable' to never have 'debt' and pay for everything in full?
New 1099 contractor (US) looking for the best app to track expenses, keep pics of receipts and otherwise keep things organize. Any of you have experience with any of these?
[US] How do I find the registered Wills of my grandparents?
I had a 90 day delinquency on a credit card for $35 that I was unaware of and have paid off. How easy will it be to re-boost my credit score with an otherwise perfect credit history?
How would retirement savings affect take home pay?
Is 30% income to rent even realistic these days?
How are we DINKS doing? I'm 36 and my wife is 31, looking to have kids in the next year.
Prioritize mortgage or student loan debt?
Yet another student loan question - put extra cash towards extending payment date, or principle?
Moving money from low interest country to high interest country?
What can I do in the short-medium term to get in a home?
Best free tax website?
Need Advice on (bad?) 401K
If you have an extra car: Is it possible to "rent out" a car you own on a daily basis? How would this work in terms of insurance, liability, etc?
Good person finance books?
What is the smartest thing I could invest $1,000 in?
Retiring on the "25x-30 spending" portfolio with a somewhat inelastic spending number- what has been your experience?
Opened a Roth IRA, now what?
I'm $8k upside down in an auto loan with 54 months left. My break even point will be in 36 months. Should I try to roll the negative equity into a 36 month lease?
Just quit my job straight up. Am I making a mistake?
How do I ask for a raise? (AU)
Cash gift amounts and taxes in Michigan?
To pay off CC or keep emergency fund?
Student Loan @ 6.8%, is this an annual percentage?
Thinking about buying a new house... can you go Suze Orman on my finances and tell me if this makes sense?
My wife just tweaked on me because of my school loans. I'm feeling somewhat hopeless. Any advice?
Any Vets use the Navy Federal auto loan?
Changed addresses and can't contact former employer to have 1099 sent to new address. Help?
When Is Personal Loan The Better Option?
Am I doing this right?
I just got a notice from TDR saying I owe Bell Ontario ~$200. I have never had an account with them. Any advice, suggestions? Canadian issue.
What should be my next credit card?
Can someone explain to me what 'figures' are and how they work?
Just starting out, hard time finding savings/money market account with decent yield - which would you recommend?
23/Married. ~$30K in debt with steady job. Just got a transfer to London where I get extra money from work. How best to achieve all of my goals?
Best credit monitoring suggestions?
What would a healthy financial life do for you?
Any Icelanders here? What should you do if there is a local collapse, like Iceland, Spain or Greece?
So I have an IRA, what do I pick to actually have it invested in?
Is there a way to contribute to my Roth 401k besides deducting from my paycheck?
As someone who has never filed taxes before, how should I go about doing so?
Student debt, emergency fund, or 401k?
Where do you save your emergency fund?
Which card(s) to pay off first?
(CA) Best way to payback a student line of credit?
[US] 26YO. Student loan debt is $10.4K @5.5%. Trying to get a jump start on becoming a landlord. I want to focus on down payment first, is this wise?
Is it better to use my tax refund on my emergency fund, car loan or credit card balance?
Take out a loan from 401k to "consolidate" my debt or no?
I'm poor but connected to my wealthy sister's credit cards, do they help or hurt?
Where to put money for 6-24 mos to get best return?
When to open a Roth IRA?
Best bank for soon to be newlyweds to open joint account?
Constant over-drafting, negative balances, living paycheck-to-paycheck -- how can I achieve financial stability? I don't know what to do anymore!
Can I dispute an interest charge on my credit card?
10k from my former 401k stuck in limbo. What's the best option?
Would this work? (uk but international question)
For those here who have retired early, through financial independence, what do you do each day and what do you tell people you do?
What should I do with 400K or so?
What happens when you pay off a car loan early?
I have a medical debt apocalypse incoming, how do I avoid it?
Created a personal finance tool for tracking daily expenditures, simplifying your income, and helping you attain your goals. What do you think?
Can anyone help me with a mandatory retirement savings plan?
$45k Salary, $35k Student Loans, $1.2k Rent: What to do?
Refinance auto loan to improve credit score, or pay it off to avoid interest?
Filing taxes with as little cost as possible?
Left job that had 401(k), new job requires pension. What to do with existing money?
I want a long term savings account for my daughter. How should I proceed?
If you knew what you knew now, what decisions would you have made with regards to your education?
I haven't been using my credit card at all the last 8 months while I've been paying it off. With only a few months left, should I transition towards responsible use on monthly expenses to re-build my credit?
Becoming a godmother in a month. A common gift for the tot's baptism is a bond in their name. What should I know about bonds? What is a good bond to go for?
Company offers non-matching 401k. Should I contribute and get into a lower tax bracket?
Opened a ROTH IRA with state farm. Mistake?
I was just denied for the Citi Forward Card. Need advice on what card to pursue next in order to build credit?
Vanguard fund for emergency fund?
Overwhelmed college graduate. Do I focus on debt or building my career? Should I try to invest now or wait?
Downside of checking accounts?
Can I immediately refinance my car loan?
In less than 2 weeks I hit rock bottom. Any advice?
If r/pf was around in the early 80's, what would it look like?
Any hope of getting a home loan with a credit score of 600-650?
Better to Rent an apartment or to Buy a Mobile Home?
I'm about to pay off my truck and will have some extra income. How should I make use of this?
1099-DIV: Reduce Tax Liability?
I'm an hourly worker with $5,000.00 in my checkings. I have not touched any credits or debts. What can I do?
We feel like we're stuck. Help?
Pay off a student loan, or car loan, but gut emergency fund? Advice needed.
Hard Credit Pulls - Worth Disputing?
(US) Is there a definitive resource on making the myriad of student loan types, options, and strategies easier to understand?
Credit Report Transunion Error? (Student Loan)
Starting to feel good with my position..what's the next step?
Paying of remainder of debt - What do you guys think?
Help! About to come in to some money. What to do?
Is there anything majorly wrong with having multiple funds in your portfolio if index funds aren't available?
did I screw up my rollover and IRA contribution?
Is a Graduate-Level Degree advisable if you must pay for most of it with loans?
Cancelling a whole-life policy: surrender fees?
Stressed about finances, real or imaginary? Is there something we should be doing differently?
Company ESPP. Sell immediately or let them sit?
Using 401k to pay off/down student loans?
Denied for CC due to reporting error. Can I get them to reconsider?
Cheap or free tax return file?
starting my financial life fresh: Use credit or (discover cashback) debit for daily transactions?
Buy a house? Pay off debt? Move home?
What Sallie Mae payment plan makes the most sense?
Allocated full bonus to 401k but still hit with federal income tax?
24 y/o with $40k in savings. How do I start investing it, and how much?
Need cash to borrow for 2 days, owe parents money. What are my options?
Student loans or invest in 401k?
Simple question I can't find the answer to: can you contribute to your 2013 Roth Ira after filing 2013 taxes? (before 4/15)
Advice on Allocation of income: contribute more to loans or before-tax deferred compensation?
As a state employee, can you participate in a 457 plan and still be part of the defined benefit (401a) plan as well? Would it be better to just max an IRA?
How did you start managing your finances?
What Tax Forms Do I Need?
Reducing marriage income tax penalty?
I got married in 2013, now it's tax season. Should we file jointly?
Let's talk about Term Life Insurance. Why are AAA and my credit union's rates so much more favorable than other insurance companies? Should I buy a policy from AAA or my credit union?
24, living paycheck to paycheck, want to make a substantial investment with my tax return this year. Roth IRA? Pay down student debt? Both?
I was denied a Charles Schwab checking account due to bad credit. Would opening a joint account work? Or would I still face the same issues?
Roth IRA: am I doing this right?
Is a $15-$20k cosmetology school worth it?
Methods to track credit card spending for detailed budget?
Lost 401k info. How would I find my account?
I'd like to start giving my twin nephews money for Christmas, but want to keep it put away for a few years. What's the best way?
Cars, American vs import cars, which is better?
Rollover HSA to an IRA?
Can someone give me some feedback on my retirement portfolio?
Recharacterize Traditional IRA contribution to Roth IRA?
Anyone have any experience with "credit repair" companies?
Moving back to the US after living abroad; Should I buy a house?
Your thoughts? 28yrs, no debt, 53k job moving up to 72k job + bonus based on travel, etc
Just got an $8k bonus, and have $8k in cc debt. Should I pay off in full, or pay off slowly and invest part of it elsewhere?
Tax Season Is Upon Us, what are some tax credits and deductions you take advantage of?
What are the cons of getting a new rewards credit card every few months to take advantage of the sign up benefits and then canceling the card?
What's a good service to use to keep track of your finances?
Quizzle updates its website and adds a true vantage credit score. How reliable is it?
65-73K Salary. What is the best thing I can do with my money right now?
US Bank Loan Payments - Am I missing something?
Should I leave the job I love for a better financial situation? (UK)
What to do with my 401k if I'll stay in the US for a few years and then move to Australia?
1st time doing taxes. Cheapest option?
Best discount or deal on turbotax this year?
18 y/o just out of high school... what do I do? What's the basics?
Cheapest way to do my taxes?
Skandia Executive Redemption Bonds anyone any experience?(UK) (Offshore)
Interest % is equal, which to pay off first?
Here is a list of my options for my 401k, no idea where to start for allocation are there some obvious choices?
Where to open a Roth IRA? Specific Details Inside
Hosting a PF seminar for grad students. What did you wish you knew when you were in grad school?
About to remodel house, which 0% CC would you use right now?
Have ~$7500 left on student loan and it's interest free. Should I pay off now or keep doing monthly payments?
401k Advice - Which funds should I be choosing?
Do I need forms from my IRA, 401k, or stock purchases to do my taxes?
Serious debt, seriously low income. Cashing in on an IRA?
[Question] Fiancee signed a registered check, now the bank is claiming it's void but also that we can't get our money back (they're keeping it). Is this correct/legal? (Canada)
Was my identity stolen?
Looking to buy our first home. Using home equity line to pay 10% DP. Wise choice?
Question about filing state taxes. 2D Barcode vs Non 2D? What?
Video: "How Does Debt Make You Feel?" (CA)
I'm trying to purchase a car. Got approved for the loan but the title is under step-father's name. How do I work around this to purchase the car?
What to do between 401k and employee stock purchase?
Mutual Fund Purchase - buy in lump sum or over the course of several months?
Can I transfer an owned fund into a Roth IRA?
For those of you who have been investment-minded since before you bought your first house, how did buying a house impact your plans/mindset? Did you feel like it was a setback in a way?
2-parts: Normal to have your spouse's info connected to your credit report? What are some early warning signs of identity theft?
7 year old 401k was converted to IRA, no companies can track it down. Help?
My itemized deductions don't get me any extra money on my tax refund. Do I have to declare any of them? I can actually save $30 by not paying for the TurboTax upgrade and just file using basic.
How do I learn to stop being so neurotic about my money?
A Question about Paying Credit Card Balance in Full...And free money?
Should I fund an IRA or contribute to my 401(k)?
I signed up for a mobile account in late September specifically in order to get the phone it came with, intending to pay off the balance and cancel it as soon as I'd be allowed to. I forgot about the account and didn't pay until today. How much will this affect my credit? (CA)
Smart to pay off student loans 15k in this way? 6k savings
USA: Does opening and closing credit cards just to get their introductory "freebies" (miles, gift cards, etc...) ding your FICO?
How can I escape my mom's bad credit so I can get an apartment?
Anyone else find themselves not spending money?
See a tax professional or file on own? Advice sought.
Do I have to pay my 2013 IRA Taxes in full this year?
How do you account for savings from recurring expenses?
Reverse couponing "income" taxable in the US?
Pay off car loan before applying for a mortgage?
Two topics one thread: I'm getting married in June. My fiance and I are both teachers and make about 41k each. We want to buy a house and have kids. We need a 5 year plan. Any advice? Also- How can I check my credit??
What is a VEBA?
Can I afford this home? About to pull the trigger!
Mortgage and loans under 5%, do not payoff?
Going beyond spreadsheets for budgeting/accounting?
What, if anything, should I do with this mutual fund?
Thoughts on Dollar Cost Averaging?
How to handle 360000 USD in capital gains and not loose it all to taxes?
(AU) What are the benefits of credit cards in general and then specifically in AU.?
Probably a dumb question. Need help with how to handle this payment plan for school?
Sell company stock? 15k in loans..
Getting Emails from H&amp;R Block about an account that I never made?
Help with calculating interest rates on ISA/mortgage?
Thoughts on maxing a 0% interest credit card to pay down a student loan?
Would you pay it off?
As I pay off credit card debt, do I need to keep all my cards open? If not, which should I get rid of?
Should I pay off my credit card in full?
[US] Army offer financial help?
What are something's you wish you knew or did when you were 20 years old ?
Open a new credit card for the benefit of cash back?
How to split up money for different savings accounts?
Why is the 35% tax bracket a mere $1,650 range while the 33% tax bracket is a full $218,750 range?
For the Love of Money - When do we cross the line into addictive or obsessive behavior?
What is your PF Rule of Thumb?
How do the annual free credit reports work? Several questions.
• Looking for advice. Pay down student loans? Invest in 401k? Save for house down payment?
Complete CC newb - Which card to get?
Have free use of ~$50,000 for six months, which I then will need to use to pay back a loan. What is the best way to invest this money in the meantime?
23 Y/O, $45k/YEAR with about $52k in Student loans. Should I pay my debt down faster? What's your student loan situation like?
Is it worth cashing in savings bonds from the early 90s now?
My main expenses are rent ($600/Mo) and restaurants/bars what credit card will maximize my rewards?
Picking My Poison?
Staring over from debt free, then what?
What are some valid reasons to dispute negative information on your credit score?
Student Credit Card?
Do all the 401k contributions that go into the market on paycheck days move the market? Would investors be better off staggering their contributions?
5 different 401K's, what should I do?
How much buffer in your cash flow are you comfortable with?
Bought a house in November, didn't make first mortgage payment till January 1st, how does this go on my taxes?
Anybody else get their federal return accepted early today?
Which credit card would you recommend?
Does this debt sound like a scam or legit? Phone call stating they will be serving papers
Can non-american citizens cash out their 401 with no penalties when they are no longer going to work/reside in the country?
Should I pay off my 401k loan quickly?
What to do with 401k worth under $1k?
Curiosity: What's the lowest non-promotional standard purchase APR you have on a Credit Card?
What debts should I pay off first?
Paying off undergrad loans VS paying for grad school in full?
Is it possible to deduct payments on the tax return for a Parent PLUS Loan if I am the student and not the parent?
CA to Texas?
Withholding income as an independent contractor (UberX driver?)
Good credit cards to build credit history?
I found that I could have deducted student loan interest for the past three years, did I lose out?
My car has been repossessed and my mom's telling me to let all my debt go and just focus on saving cash since my credit is already screwed. Is she right?
How do I negotiate with a debt collector?
Will filing jointly negatively affect our income based repayment?
Save or pay down debt with tax return?
What are your thoughts for debt consolidation companies/processes?
Getting a loan without a job?
Why does my husband think that carrying a small balance on his credit card every month has been helping his credit?
Are we making the right choices financially?
Can I take the mortgage interest as a deduction if my name is not on the loan??
Just graduated - how can I find what I'm worth (i.e. what salary should I ask for)?
Will I get a break for paying off my student loan in full?
$95k in student loans, but high income. Need help with pay-off order. Also, keep living at home - or move out? (Life experience questions... A little long)
Refinance or No?
Maybe a dumb question, but does home maintenance count as a reason to use the emergency fund?
My mom helped me pay-off my student loans this year... How do I address this on my tax return?!
Trying to continue to build my credit, what should I try next? My credit score still sucks.
Bell Canada charged me for a service I never signed up for, and then sent the bill to a collection agency afterward. Help or advice? (CA)
6 month saving or knock out debt first?
Can Economic Growth Continue Forever? Of Course!
I have $3,000 in a savings account, but I'm considering a opening a CD, MM account, or starting a mutual fund account. What should I do with my savings?
Should we layer life/disability insurance on top of employer-provided plans?
Is there any way to take advantage of capital gain tax rates for roth conversions?
(CA) Question specific to Canada - is the REIT ETF "XRE" is eligible for the dividend tax credit?
As a young worker, any reason not to put it all in Roth IRA?
What debt should I pay off first?
Poll:Couples in LTR Combine or Separate Account?
Why did California Franchise Tax Board send me a copy of my 2012 return? (Form 1099-G)
I'm saving quite a bit of money but I don't know how to best invest it.. any ideas? (UK)
Started and closed LLC in same year. What is my tax obligation?
3 years of marriage check-up - and a few questions?
What's the better financial decision in the long run: Buying a 2012 ($13k) used card or a well maintenance 2003 ($6k)?
What happened in the market the last two days?
Same payment on student loans - interest went up?
Should I pay off my loan(s) early? If so, which one do I start with? What about maxing out my 401k?
Options to refinance Mortgage with no/minimal closing cost?
Partner Files Annually, I File Quarterly...Should we get married?
I'm looking to build up my credit. Would someone take the time to help me out?
Can you help me by reviewing my budget?
Is my initial credit limit too low?
Is optoutprescreen.com a legit website?
Should I switch tax filing programs?
How much to spend on a car?
Anyone have any fancy scholarship tips for North American uni students?
Are we ready to buy a house?
What do you use to monitor your allocation percents?
Parents of /r/PF, what financial health measures do you recommend before beginning a family?
Possible to open a HSA independently?
Managing multiple ongoing health insurance claims?
Can someone please explain to me how capital gains are taxed?
What should I do with my house down payment now that I've decided to wait on the house?
Does a bank's branch have any incentive to keep me from moving to another branch?
Help! Is there a UK finance software similar to mint.com?
Do I really owe this much tax on my Roth IRA rollover?
Are there general rules for purchasing a home?
Best fuel rewards credit card?
How much can I depend on my public employee retirement fund?
Any advice for my 70K that's been chilling in a managed investment account?
Trying to finance school while continuing to work, thinking of reducing work hours to focus on schoolwork, wondering if this is an even remotely good idea?
Roth 401k Question - Possible to recharacterize?
What do places like H&amp;R Block charge to give you one of those tax refund anticipation loan Visa cards?
HELOC loan? Need ELI5.
Should me and my fiancé get married and file Chpt 7 bankruptcy together or both file separately before marriage?
Turning 18 in a few weeks, going to college, how to start managing my money?
Ahhh!!! I feel like I'm going under fast. Help?
Best long-term financial move for young, single worker in debt (17k)?
What should I do?
I just inherited some property and enough money to pay off taxes/legal stuff/etc. Is it better to sell them to pay for school or just live in them rent free?
My fiance and I just received a large sum of money... he wants to go on vacation with it, I want to pay off debt. How do I make him see reason?
People who buy passive funds: how often do you review your portfolio?
I'm 19 and inherited some money. How can I make more out of it?
Drunkenly opened a Roth IRA last night... tax implications?
Asset allocation of 401k for 21 year old?
Considering buying/renting a house with friends, which is better?
Should we get an expensive or budget friendly car?
I've got 9k in a Roth IRA, 3k in a 401k. My wife has 10k in one 401k and 5k in another. How much can we take out to pay for a first time home purchase without paying penalties?
Where should I put my money that I'm going to use to pay for school?
I forgot to file one of my W2s a few years ago. How do I fix it?
Is there a way to use software to see what your tax return would have been, but not send it?
How do I transfer money made from YouTube?
No 401k available to post-doc. What are alternative options?
I do acting and get paid as a Independent Contractor. How do I do this on taxes so I pay the least amount legally possible?
I have $13k in the bank and $5,600 in student loans at 6.7%. Pay them all off now?
Ways to cut down on grocery costs?
WWPFD?
I have $40K in savings and have an additional $3K/month to invest. What do I do with this money to make more money?
Bank of America credit/debt department?
23 years old, moving out of parent's house. Can you please critique my budget?
Why ever bother with a traditional IRA if you have a 401(k) from work?
Home owners: What are the costs of owning a home. Could you please add, modify or remove the items from this list?
Is there a benefit in purchasing (non-essential) things a bit later rather than right now? (EU)
About to attend college as a freshman on full scholarships. What investment can I make with the saved money?
Tax season investing?
What kind of credit card should I get, as a student?
Should I file as independent or dependent?
If you had financial tips for your college self what would they be?
Can I invest in a Vanguard fund from a Fidelity Roth IRA?
Convert IRA to Roth or keep traditional?
Is there a way to lower a house and car payment? If I make a principal only payment, can I have the monthly payment lowered or will the maturity date just change?
Question about combining 2 existing traditional IRAs with each other. Tax implications?
Can I sell my FHA home and buy another home w/ an FHA mortgage?
Took too many exemptions last year, now I owe about $1k. Any way to better do this?
People who don't play to owe taxes, where do you take the money from?
rent vs get out of current lease-option?
Should I get a mortgage or pay for house in full?
How can I average out my boom and bust income?
Military couple combining finances. Income is about to double- What do we do with new excess?
My internship supervisor has not given me any tax forms, and I'm not sure if my work was ever "on the records". Who's responsibility is it?
Trying to lease an apartment and the broker wants a credit report...does that mean a credit score?
Creditkarma.com questions- Just checked (f)iances credit with her and she has credit cards on there that she has never opened before. What now?
Little help with my retirement allocation?
Better Way to View Portfolio?
Online teaching, extra income, LLC?
Bought a house Dec 2012. When to claim the house?
When is your mortgage interest rate high enough to pay it off faster?
Should I pay off my car lease to better help secure a 3rd mortgage?
Do I need to file taxes for my old job?
Were would you save a down payment if you were planning to buy 5-8 years in the future?
Savings or loans?
Question About Mortgage Refinancing?
Payoff student and car loans or invest more in retirement?
Large lump sum intended for down payment within 3 years, where to put it?
Wife has no credit (not bad credit). Just made her an authorized user on one credit card--next steps?
Need to submit last two tax returns to apply for an apartment...how do they verify?
Credit card account number changed due to Target incident. What happens to transactions that haven't posted yet?
401k allocation, should I stay diversified or move everything to a target date index fund?
Does inflation negate benefits of 15-year mortgage versus 30-year?
Investing my rainy day fund? Or another "I have X What do I do with it?!?!"
403(b), Roth IRA or Mutual Funds?
I need to vacate my lease prematurely - should I get a credit line to pay for it?
Tax Question: Married, filing separately, bought a home. Who claims the house?
Still in college for two more years, but I have a steady income. Should I start paying off my student loans now?
Turned 18 a few months ago, about to grab a part time job. What is the best track I can take concerning keeping a good credit score and budgeting money?
Received a big raise. Time for some due diligence. Looking for a local personal financial advisor. Where is best to look?
401k just switched to TransAmerica - PortfolioXpress?
What's a comfortable mortgage payment for us?
Can't get my credit report from Experian, what should I do?
Financial Advising For Modest Amounts of Money?
Credit monitoring service, worth it? recomendations?
Looking for an accurate tax calculator. Anyone have recommendations for one?
Fiance's father deep in financial trouble: How do we deal?
Is it better to pay off a debt and close the account as soon as you can afford to do so or is it smarter to slowly pay off a debt over time to build credit?
How long does it take for your credit score to improve?
App developer here, should I create an LLC?
Is there a such thing as a high interest, no/low fee bank account?
Help with IRA conversion: Am I missing something?
Could my identity have been stolen years ago? How can I check?
Purchased first house last week. What can I do now for credit?
Should I start investing in my 401k at 21?
13.25% rate on 40k student loan...how to pay it back?
Offering part-time work for a company while waiting for their full-time offer?
Is there any evidence that the seasons or weather affect the right time to put a big item like a house or car on the market - or the right time to buy one?
Husband left behind retirement moneys at old job, now funds are sitting in 2 Retirement Clearinghouse accounts, stagnating. I don't even understand the basics of retirement accounts. What to do?
When is it a good idea to get a debt consolidation loan?
Federal Employees of PF -- do TSP Roth contributions count as a "traditional Roth IRA"?
What are my investing opportunities? [x-post from r/investing]
Do I owe an absurd amount of taxes? Or am I mistaken? (US)
I'm a college student, how can I start to build my credit?
Free tax filing options for someone with an HSA?
Should I try for the full saver's credit next year or stick with Roth funds? Tax question
Dependent or not a dependent?
Amazon payments/credit report can't identify me. Am I a real person?
My wife graduates college in April with ~$19k in college debt but is fighting brain cancer and will likely live 1.5-2 more years. What do I do?
If I worked as a substitute teacher and paid into a state retirement plan, can I claim that as a retirement/investment deduction?
Received a 1099C for a debt that I paid off?
Is it worth getting a roommate to save $330 a month?
ESPP - Thoughts on selling right away and rolling into a Roth IRA every two weeks?
What are the disadvantages/loopholes to those "interest free for 12 months" store credit cards?
Who is your life insurance policy with and why ? (CA)
Quicken alternative that allows multi-user?
Someone else's credit card information appears on my credit report. What do I do?
First time doing my own taxes. Do my 401k / Roth IRA have any implications?
Car insurance denying claim due to car not being garaged/stored at the address on the policy?
GMAT test cost, tax deductible?
Can I re-negotiate a raise after verbally agreeing?
I'm quitting my job to go to grad school, what should I do with my 401K and 403B?
Can I still get a student loan interest deduction if I refinance my student loans?
I was denied a Simple bank account, but upon viewing a ChexSystems report, I have a clean slate. What should I do now?
Does it make any difference to trade stocks in multiples of 100?
How much do I have to have made in 2013 to claim my son on my taxes?(US)
Received two 1098-E's in the mail. One in my name, one in my mother's. I pay for both, so can I claim the interest on both loans?
What's Your Asset Allocation? 2nd Ed.
As a senior in high school on the search for their first job. What should I know about or start practicing with personal finance?
May have excess contributions to 2014 Roth IRA - When to withdraw?
Need advice on fixing my credit... also, best credit report site??
Got a temp position, employer offers Simple IRA?
Is my part time job worth the extra taxes?
How much money should I ask for?
I have a credit card in my name that my parents pay for. Does this mean I have a credit score?
To refinance or to not refinance (a car loan)?
What's the best way to negotiate buying a car that you are currently leasing?
Am I crazy for wanting this car/payment?
Accidently removed $5 of *earnings* from Roth IRA, can I just put it back and effectively null the minor mistake?
My Taxes were rejected. Any help?
At what age did you start being concerned with money?
Discounted company stock- what's a good strategy for the long term?
Frustrated, in debt, can't get a loan, and wondering if college was even worth it. Care to help me out with some advice?
Recently finished undergrad, how to maximize long term savings/IRA and balance future cost of grad school?
Does an annual credit report include your credit score?
Wanted to purchase a house soon (within the next year or two). CreditKarma indicates a 726 Score. Thoughts?
I worked a season job, do you think I can sign into ADP and get my w-2? More in the comments.
Taxes as a student in MA?
Dentist's Office sends me unexpected bill, can I use a chargeback to dispute the charge?
How long til CA is liable for failing to correct error thats hurting my credit?
Is it worth it to contribute to a company 401k if there is no match?
I graduate in May with 0 debt. I have no idea where to begin. What should I be doing to be prepared for the future?
Is there a standard formula for how much you make vs. how much you should be spending on rent?
Tax refund way off from expectations. What am I missing?
Quick Tax question - I liquidated a small 401K account, where do I enter that information on TurboTax?
Anyone used FutureAdvisor.com? Thoughts?
How should I invest my $15,000 graduation gift? (x-post r/investing)
So I thought I was in a good position to buy a new car, but looking at this subreddit has made me think otherwise. What do you guys think?
Should I try to retroactively stuff a IRA for 2013?
From where you get information about personal finance and money stuff to make informed decisions?
Last autumn, a company I worked for cashed out my 401(k) and sent me the check for it. I just got my W-2 from them today, and I don't think that's included on the paperwork. How do I file?
Those with the Discover It card. What do you use the points on?
How do you choose a tax preparer?
FSA Question: Only $500 will carry over to next year on March 31st, what can I spend money the on?
Does an Auto-Loan Make Sense When You Can Pay Cash?
I just found out I owe about $1k in Taxes. Can I claim sales tax?
$1200 in savings. What to do with it to maximize it over the next year?
In securing a housing loan, which is better to have and why : a fixed rate or variable rate?
When is it "worth it" to buy a program to help do your taxes (e.g. Turbo Tax)?
Should I KEEP my whole life policy?
New job! Do I invest in the 401k or pay back my student loans?
Will my tax refund increase if I open an IRA account?
Where do I invest?
How often do you go over your budget?
Is it Better to Choose Your Own Investments?
UGMA/UTMA Account for Car?
How great do ESPP gains need to be to justify holding vs selling immediately?
[Tax question] Own home, rental property, wife went to college all of 2013, had a baby, bought a car... Turbo tax it or have it done?
I received a supplemental property tax bill for 2012 - 2013 in January 2014. Can I claim this on my 2013 taxes?
Should I pay off my auto lease to lower DTI, and help with future 3rd mortgage?
Should I Refinance?
Freelancers: How did you get a mortgage?
Have any of you used questtrade? if so what accounts did you guys open? if not what trading sites do you guys use ?
Should I get my auto-loan through LightStream?
Marrying in upcoming year - for equivalent incomes, how will our tax situation change?
Can a debt collector do this?
Husband makes way more - should we file together or married filing single?
What should we do with our tax return if we're in debt?
Been thinking of starting to invest into the stock market. What's the best way to get started?
Waiting for the market to settle before investing in my Roth?
New Employer wants me to fill out a W4 for 2013. I had literally no income or job last year. Do I just put zeros everywhere?
I'm 19, 8k in savings, and I don't want my money to be stagnant while I'm in university. Any advice?
Roth IRA unavailable due to income. can I still do traditional IRA?
I'm looking to start putting money in savings. Any advice as to what's the best way to save that money? (X-Post from R/Frugal)
x-post from /r/studentloans, Is the Consumer Assistance Project (CAP) a legit organization for eliminating student debt?
My fiancee was a student all of last year and didn't make any money. I claimed her as a dependent. Should she file a tax return?
2-year fixed mortgage at 2.2%, or 5-year fixed at 3.2%?
How do these benefits change my tax filing?
Third party used car loan for self-employed?
Save for a car or invest in investment account?
I am 18 , Do I have to file taxes?
My old cell phone bill has some seriously wrong things with it. Was sent to collections. How can i straighten this out?(MA&amp;NJ)
My credit score dropped by 100+ points because of high utilization just from one payment. What should I do?
Is a 403(b) a Roth IRA? And/or vice versa?
My fiancée and I really need to get pre-approved for a house loan. Since we are engaged to be married in three months, do lenders consider the finances of both her and I? What do you think our chances are? More details inside.
When is the right time to sell my house for at least what I owe??? (x-pose from RealEstate)
What's your monthly food budget? What's your diet like and location?
Buy? Rent? Mortgage? So confused...
401k vs IRA vs ?
My employer is offering ID theft protection - should I sign up?
Retirement goals: How much in sotcks, how much in IRAs?
20 Year old filing taxes for the first time, claiming my siblings and mothers as dependents. Can I do this?
Does my situation warrant a financial advisor?
How much of my available credit should I use? More details in post
How do you manage your bills? Multiple checking accounts?
I only have one credit card and I like it that way, but they keep raising my limit. Can this adversely affect me?
The couple who banks together stays together?
GF discovered some loans taken out in her name. May have been her parents, who she is really close to. Advice?
Unique situation, what would you do regarding 401k, 457 and pension?
(US) - If you make 72k base with the ability to make up to an additional 48k, how much do you invest and in what?
eBay/internet sellers - how do you keep track of your finances, expenses, and income - to protect from an audit? I've been using mint but it's still messy. Is there website product or forum for getting help on this?
I'm a liberal arts college graduate, and I want to be a network administrator. I have no experience. Continue waiting tables while working on certifications VS enlist for a computer job in the US Air Force or Army? (x-post /r/sysadmin)
401k allocation: Is diversification worth higher expense ratios?
401K Allocation: Are high expense ratios worth diversification?
Account for semi- or annual bills?
Is it legal to transfer non-spouse beneficiary Roth IRA between financial institutions?
What do I need to start doing my taxes? (21M/CA)
Two credit bureaus are missing important information about my credit. How can I get this information to them?
Reddit, which of your credit cards has the best (or worst) website?
I've just written a guide to help people responsibly and ethically increase their credit score - What do you think?
GF has a 457b account with less than $1,000. Options?
If I cannot contribute the maximum for my IRA and/or my 401k, is there a good way I can allot my non-tax advantaged investments into them?
How to break the chain in taking out student loans?
How about a Tuesday Tax thread?
Car Loan Modification: Should I or Shouldn't I?
Is TurboTax (or something similar) worth the investment?
What's the income limit for free IRS tax filing if married filing jointly?
Should I be investing in international equities in my 401k?
I just filed my federal taxes for the first time via Turbotax, but not my state, what to do?
I need to get the mold off my excess cash, can someone recommend a short-term fund while I decide what is best?
Do I need to file taxes?
Secured load to pay off credit cards?
Worth increasing credit card limit?
I would like to start building credit, how do I decide what credit card is best to apply for?
[Canada] Living here since 2006, paid someone to file my taxes until 2011, haven't filed 2012 and want to do it myself along with 2013. Help?
Today I want to buy my first piece of such before Google announces its earnings tomorrow. How do I go about creating an account for this?
Anyone use "envelope method" with a credit card? If so, how do you do it?
Tax Feedback - DINKS, what do you withhold on your taxes??? (Married/no kids/work full-time/file jointly)
What fico score do I need to qualify for the current Toyota 0% apr deal?
Avoiding retirement fund early withdrawal fees with Roth IRA conversion?
Saving for an adoption. Use money market account or savings account?
Is my understanding of my tax situation accurate?
Taking a loan on 401k to fund home purchase?
Had a crazy year. Is it worth it to let someone do my taxes instead of the usual turbo tax?
Can we get a mortgage with a 'fair' credit score?
Taxes on default LLC?
How to organize Financial Documents and what documents should I keep?
What is the best way to improve credit score(s)?
I have a €88500 loan (not used) at low interest rates. Any advice on investments?
Buying a new car and dealer is offering 0.9% for up to 60 months. I'm able to pay cash for the entire purchase price, but feel like 0.9% for 5 years is too good to pass up. Thoughts?
Any pro tips for a young married couple?
Didn't declare ISO exercises on my 2012 taxes. Am I screwed?
Created accounts with Capital One to get bonuses, can I close?
What kind of deductions can I get for a delivery job?
Mixed message on whether I have to file. Help?
Changed 401k contribution from Tradition to Roth. How will withdrawals work?
Would I be able to file my own taxes for free? I have three W-2s and Tax Statement for my Savings account.
Tips for cutting expenses?
Amazon employee AMZN stock 401k match and Vanguard investment mix?
What credit cards have the best terms for balance transfers? (How many months interest-free after signing, minimum payment % rate of total balance, etc.?)
17 years old with $15,000, what do I do with it?
I am getting a settlement after a car accident for a new car should I buy a new or used car?
Things are looking up, right?
50%/30%/20% need/want/savings seems highly undoable. Is it just my situation or does the budget not apply to me?
Spending extra money to live alone worth it?
How is it that taxes make a promotion seem worthless?
I am the youngest of three, and unfortunately had a recent death... questions about estate and tax?
What's the point in aggressively paying off student loans when interest is deductible?
How will college savings impact eligibility for Federal financial aid/grants?
Need to amend a few $1000 lotto winners to 2012 tax return. When I try to, TurboTax tells me I owe almost $3000??
Some help with my financial status? (PHP)
Savings priorities: House or 401k?
Got married in 2013. What do I need to know re: filing taxes, student loans - IBR?
I am a single dad with a 4 year old daughter. I want to start something for her. What's the best these days?
My first job last year did not withhold federal taxes, do I have to file even though I didn't make much and they didn't withhold?
Raise 401K contribution or save?
Invest monthly or years worth up front?
When buying a house: Is it more frugal to take a penalty free distribution from a traditional IRA/401(k) to increase the downpayment, or let that money grow for retirement and take a slightly larger home mortgage loan?
Paying $1,900 rent for two person household. Is it reasonable considering our income?
Are we saving too much?
Possible solution for split credit cards in mint?
meeting a financial adviser for lunch, whats the etiquette?
Trying to get out of Debt but not really sure how. Personal Finance can I get some advice?
Getting a tax homeowners credit/deduction ...?
Recently married: Should I buy term life insurance on top of my free policy through work? (salary x 3)
Should i be worried about Identity theft ? I had just received a telemarketers call with some of my details, and some wrong ones.
Tax deductions for wood working equipment as a side hobby? 24/M/50,000 salary
I have $15k, potentially upwards of $20k....how should I get started? What actionable steps should I take?
My company offers a choice of a traditional (pretax) 401k and a Roth (after tax) 401k. Given that I live in a state with no income tax and federal taxes are near historical lows, is there any reason I wouldn't want to contribute on an after tax basis?
401k fund help? Not sure which funds to go with.
At what age should you involve your children in investing?
GF recieving $13,000-$20,000 from car accident settlement (1/3 going to lawyer) Best advice to give her?
Am I the only one owing money after I do my taxes?
How do credit bureaus know who the authorized user is?
RothIRA, 401k and now Roth401k? And now in-plan Roth conversions? Can someone ELI5?
Can anyone explain why I always owe so much in taxes?
I'm moving across the country by choice and my job is letting me work remotely. Is a cost of living adjustment out of the question?
Buying A Car with Bad Credit?
23M. How to go about setting financial goals and finding strong investments? Any help appreciated.
Would it be cheaper to retire on a moderate size pension in a country like Cambodia or Thailand?
Moving to Colorado from New Zealand, what's the best way to get set up and still tackle my student loan?
What normally happens to stock options when a company is acruied?
Is it worth buying YNAB for $60? any other free alternatives?
Can I close a credit line without damaging my credit?
Best self service tax options? Current pay 1k+ for tax service.... What should I be doing?
Savings Bonds from Grandma &amp; when to cash out?
American w/ 401(k), cashing out retirement savings account from Swiss employer. Can I just roll it into my 401(k)?
Consolidate Car Loan and LOC (CA)?
Moving Expenses Deductible If 1 of 2 locations farther?
Living in California. 26 years old, filed bankruptcy last year. Notice my credit score has gone up. How do I plan ahead?
Foreigner working in US - IRA?
How do you save for retirement when you are not sure where you will retire?
What is the best way to buy a house with someone when you are not married and not family?
CC company asking to update my income information. Can someone explain why they are asking this, what the impact of my answer will be, and if I have to, by law, answer them?
Best Savings/Checking Account with "Decent" APY and ATM Reimbursement?
Large windfall, don't need it for current expenses, what to do with it?
What to do with tax return: pay off CC debt or start emergency fund?
Any particular reason to use Debit over Credit?
24 US first time doing complicated taxes, should I seek help?
Condo opportunity, is this too good to pass up as an investment?
Is $400 per month too much for groceries?
Unexpected expenses put on CC - Should I cash out some of my Roth IRA to pay off the CCs?
Question: Should I invest my small savings or save it for my upcoming move?
Can I refinance an educational loan in the US if the original bank is in another country?
TurboTax - Ya or Nay?
What "should" I be doing with my money? (College student)
I owe ~$8000 due to 401(k) to Roth IRA rollover. Best way to pay it off?
Pay CC debts of 4% fixed for life or max my Roth IRA for 2014?
What is your retirement number?
Worth it to chase the best savings account interest rate?
Would leasing a car make sense here?
Personal advice for 24 M with little financial experience? (US - CA)
Single people who are homeowners: How did you save your down payment?
Filed my taxes jointly, probably should have filed them separately for a bigger refund. Is it too late?
three cards stolen in the past three months...what am I doing wrong?
Where should I put some money for short term (2-3 year) growth?
Are there any good reasons to get a mortgage if you can afford to buy a home outright?
Getting $5900 in tax returns! This amount of money is completely absurd to someone who is living check to check.. What is the smart thing to do with the money besides just simply saving it?
What's an appropriate amount to spend on monthly rent?
When to pay off rewards credit card to get the rewards and avoid interest?
I just got a Discover it credit card offer in the mail. What are my chances of getting approved?
Max amount of money I can get from federal government for college?
Which bank should I put money in?
Smashed up my car. Repairs cost $1488, insurance will cover $488. I can't afford $1000 to fix my car. Any suggestions?
Why didn't my "accountant" give me a personal exemption for the 2012 year? IRA early withdrawal.
New job, new child - explain W-2 &amp; withholding options for me?
Is it bad to get an FHA loan? All I want is $80k to purchase a liveable foreclosed home.
Student with 10k in IRA, save for a house? or use it on student loans
Does the way i settle an old credit card account impact my credit?
Just purchased home with my family, do a pay off the loan or pay back my family first?
Paying for Business School in cash?
I'm an Australian on the E-3 visa about to start a 1099 contract in San Francisco, CA. What do?
I keep getting substantial tax refunds each year, how can I stop loaning the government my money?
Should I start planning retirement during college?
I just purchased a home with my family, do I pay them back or pay off the loan first?
Can I pay off my credit card with an AMEX gift card?
I have my finances in order. I would like to apply for a solid rewards card to benefit from my spending. What card is best for me?
Suddenly making good money, to those in a similar situation, did your saving/spending habits change?
Is there any reason not to max out your 401k and IRAs early in the year?
14k in debt, received 10k gift. What to do?
Should I pay off my rental house early? Or save money to buy another house in a few years?
Good credit cards for college students?
First Real Job - How do I be sensible with money? (Ireland)
Contribute to Roth and Traditional IRA for maximum tax benefit?
How come most people seem to get tax refunds?
As a young adult what are the benefits and risks of investing in stock mutual funds?
Working in a state that doesn't pay federal taxes? Living in a state that does?
I have a salaried job and a separate independent contractor business. Tax help?
$6k tax return and $9k in debt with no savings. Should I put it all on the debt?
How to show usage of credit but not pay interest?
As a young 20yr old male that makes decent money, what are some investment opportunities that I should absolutely be taking advantage of?
Which should I put money into: Roth or Roth IRA?
Errors on w-2?
Should I lease a new car?
Is it worth it for me to not have taxes taken from the paycheck from my 3-month contract gig? (CA)
Fiscal Years: In a Jan - Dec fiscal year, you would express quarters as 1Q14, 2Q14, 3Q14, 4Q14. What if my fiscal year is Sept - Aug? How do I express quarters?
Good index fund for 5-10 yr. horizon?
You have to report interest income under $10 even if you don't get a 1099-INT, but WHERE do you report it?
Is it worth it to go to H.R Block or other tax agencies?
Cashed out my 401k in 2013, do I have to do something special with my taxes?
If I attended my last semester in Ohio and I made no money or will not receive a refund even if I file, should I?
Just how low should my credit utilization be?
Help! Why is IRS Form 8959 so confusing? Community Property Form...
21yr old male, living at home. Is dad giving bad advice?
18 years old with ~$11,000 invested in mutual funds. How can I make the best use of it as a soon-to-be college student?
Autopay BoA credit card statements?
Qualifying for credit card with low income?
Can I apply for a pre-screened Amex Green then cancel before the annual fee with no repercussions?
Keep my Emergency 6 Mos Living Expenses in Cash or Elsewhere?
Hi, Im 19 years old and just got $40 000. How can I make the most out of this money ? (CAN)
I converted my 2013 Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA today. Will I get a 1099-R for 2013?
Is the IRS able to see my checking or savings account balance when I report my income?
Trad IRA rollover to Roth IRA?
Roth IRA with 403b?
How do I figure out how much interest I would save from claiming 3 rather than 0?
Has anyone ever invested in gold or silver or other precious metals? How did it work out for you?
Underwater on my home - what are your thoughts?
I want to pay off my collections. How to make sure they report it to the bureaus?
How can I cash out shares of a company that is no longer publicly traded?
Parents Intentionally Sent My Credit Card into Collections -- What Can I Do?
Amending taxes question? (2013 tax year)
Is there a best online Tax Filing? I dont want to go with a name I heard on a commerical or top google search.
Can banks/credit unions just cancel a debit card number without notice?
Credit wise, is it better to pay bills monthly, or in bulk?
Pay for airline ticket with cash or CC? What am I missing?
When looking at savings accounts, what am I looking at/for?
Can my wife count my income if she applies for a credit limit increase on her own credit card?
When to stop adding to Emergency Fund?
Budget, check. Now, how do I stay on course?
Can someone explain 401k investing to me?
Bank with Schwab and Roth with vanguard?
I payed my credit card bill 15 days late and was charged a past due fee. Will this negatively effect my credit score/report?
Paying a car in full cash vs. 50% down 50% financing?
What should you do with your portfolio distribution when the stock market starts to sink? (preferably Federal employees who use TSP)
I have a Roth IRA and am considering opening a Traditional IRA for my spouse. Stupid?
What do I do with shares and uncashed checks?
$5,000 in credit card debt, $2,600 in an IRA should pull it out and cut the debt in half?
I'm a Boglehead, but I just had a free consultation by Personal Capital. Thoughts on this presentation they shared?
How do we fix my wife's credit?
What kind of risk analysis software/algorithms do financial institutions use?
Credit card recommendations for someone with no credit history?
What is the smartest way to handle discretionary income?
Amended tax return?
Considering Buying a Duplex as an Investment. Does Anyone Have Experience With This?
What is stock market correction and why has it come up in recent conversations?
I'm filing for chapter 7 bankruptcy, surrendering one vehicle, keeping the other vehicle and my house. Any tips/suggestions?
What's your "vagabond's wage?"
Will a credit check disqualify me from getting a job in insurance?
What Would You Do In My Situation?
Best Free Tax Software?
How much life insurance should I have?
Good resources for beginning to learn about PF?
Financial Peace University - What are your thoughts?
(CA) Are there any good "out of the box" solutions for life insurance that doesn't require that I speak to a sales person?
If I put in my two weeks notice will I still get my bonus?
Edited: Why am I not getting a refund?
When is TurboTax not good enough?
Would my Wife and I be able to get a Mortgage?
Buying a car to build credit?
Landlord claims they don't owe me a deposit. Any help? US - Colorado
does it make sense that owe $50 federal and $35 state for taxes?
Medical School Tuition: Loan or Pay upfront?
Paying off student loans while in school... how are the payments applied?
My Roth Ira fund is tanking, this is normal right??
If I put in my two weeks notice will I still get my bonus?
Pretty sure I fell for this phone scam, what are my options?
Is the general consensus here that a regular savings account is best for preparing to buy a house in 5yrs?
Should I challenge this on my credit report?
How does sustained high utilization on credit affect your score?
When does a money making hobby turn into a small business?
Getting $2k from tax refund. Where should I put this?
Changing jobs; new employer doesn't offer HSA. Suggestions for tiny existing HSA? And...
I received a collection letter and calls about a debt that has long since "fallen off" of my credit reports. I haven't responded. Should I?
Can a hotel put an authorisation hold on my credit card if the hold will put me over my credit limit?
Why is my credit only 680 if I've never missed a payment?
Student loan vs car loan vs Roth IRA?
TSP G-fund vs. high-interest savings account/CD for saving to buy a house in the next 3-5 years?
Health/Life Insurance?
Is it possible to work around not having a will by purchasing everything before death?
Came into 25k should I buy a house or invest in something else?
I am looking to deposit about $500,000 into bank accounts this week. I have been advised to split the amount between two banks and obviously want to earn the most interest with the lowest fees. Also, I don't understand how mutual funds, bonds etc work. What do you recommend?
is this a stable budget?
Missed a payment on a CC I've had for a decade. What's the best way to mitigate the damage (heightened APR and ding on credit report?)
What is your target and how are you optimizing it?
Planning to buy a different house in 5-6 years, where should I be putting my money now?
Should I start a IRA?
TurboTax gift card discount - is there a catch?
Roth IRA conversion with Vanguard - Did I do it right?
Quickest and most effective way to fix credit report after DMP mistake?
Student loans or 401k? Which should get my extra income?
How are Tax Refunds Calculated? Multiple W2's ruining my refund...
Should I file taxes or be claimed as a dependent?
Paying off some student loans Before consolidating?
Can anyone explain to me how federal withholding is supposed to work? I'm trying to figure out why I always owe thousands in taxes.
Rolling over 401k?
I'm expecting a $1200 tax refund and a $200 AmEx rebate check. Should I put this toward my $11,000 car loan or savings?
Received $7k bonus and ~50% ate by Taxes. Add to 401k or pay off Student debt?
Does my situation warrant hiring a CPA to do my taxes, or should TurboTax be fine?
Age 30, New Job, Extra Time for Education -- Go Back to School?
Old 401(k) to new 401(k) rollover - it is possible?
How much life insurance to get? Where from?
What do I need to bring to a tax professional?
I recently graduated and my mom wants me to max out my TFSA and RRSP, but I want a stupid thing like a fun car. Is it hard to play catchup?(CA)
Defaulted on credit cards due to job loss, three years later now what?
I opened an IRA in February 2013 but made to much money this year to deduct any of it. What are my options?
Purchasing a new car for work- am I in the position to get a loan?
Should I spend $3600 on Lasik?
Where to park $2k for six months?
Just approved for AMEX, offer from Chase, take it??
I'm doing my taxes for the first time and my w2 has my company address in SC, and our office was in nevada?
Stafford loan to cahcel out personal loan?
If I want to retire before I turn 59 1/2, should I invest money elsewhere besides 401(k) and IRA? If so, what?
If I want to retire before I turn 59 1/2, should I invest money elsewhere besides 401(k) and IRA? If so, what?
I went from a Credit Score of 700~ to 500~. What steps can I take to rebuild?
Tons of long term debt, can't seem to go beyond minimum. Where to start?
Which credit cards (if any) would be beneficial to a recently employed college grad?
My uncle Sam owe's me $39,000 in back pay. I'm planning on putting whatever is left after taxes into an S&amp;P 500 index. Is this too risky?
Kinda lost. WWYD?
Should I pay off this debt? If so, how should I do it?
I have an account in collections because of an expired credit/debit card number and they never sent me anything to update my information. What should I do?
Father called after filing his taxes today. Claimed me without my permission. How will this affect my refund?
Could Somebody Explain Subchapter C Corporation Income Taxes?
Why is it recommended to have both a Traditional and Roth account?
Turbotax worth using?
Considering moving out at 26, but it's complicated. What would you do?
Has anyone found a decent pet insurance plan?
How do you deal with less budget conscious friends and family?
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Best way to handle a deliquency hit on my credit score?
Switching jobs in the same year: effect on taxes? KS
I have 4 credit cards, would it be bad to get a new one?
How is my plan? (work in sales US citizen live in Korea)
Should I be saving or putting as much into student loans? 87k loans, 110k salary
Should I consolidate my credit cards into one account?
Pay off student loans, or invest in Roth IRA?
Did I Screw up my car purchase?
Wanting to redo bathroom and kitchen in our new home, best way to pay for it?
Refinance to get rid of PMI on FHA Loan?
Can I make anyone a beneficiary on my Roth IRA?
Taking my Roth away from my financial advisor - Are my funds stuck?
Trying to file my taxes on Turbo Tax, but my returns are rejected because of my IP Pin. What can I do?
Traveled for most of 2013. Supported myself somewhat by working as photographer. Can I write off my travel expenses?
I think I might be overpaying(?) on student loans, input needed please!
Assess and Suggest?
Repayment of relocation and signing bonus, what are the tax and other implications?
How do I stay on Budget while planning a wedding?
Should I be worried about a no-name home and auto insurance company, or are they all pretty much the same?
Where can I open a traditional IRA that has a minimum investment of ~$500 instead of $1000?
Do you ever buy items in installments or with a postponed payment?
maybe buying a house soon...bad idea to sign up for credit card?
How far in advance do you plan/budget?
Borrow against 401k or try to get a loan for a car?
Where do I attack?
Entry-level job interviews coming up. What are the top things to consider re: salary/benefit negotiation when thinking long-term financial health?
Should we use money saved to pay off my car or continue making payments?
Secured Credit Card: Is a lower APR more important or a lower annual fee?
Is it possible to enroll in an HSA outside of open enrollment with my company?
Does any know of a student loan tracker (xls) that takes into account payment deferment until graduation?
Do I have enough to comfortably/confidently start a Roth IRA?
Tools for tracking/analyzing total portfolio across multiple brokerages?
Paying Taxes - Increase 401k contribution or withold more?
Need help negotiating your internet price? Check this out (CenturyLink customers but can apply to other cariers)
Should I pay off my car loan early?
Are there and free credit coulseling services that are known to use all three credit reporting bureaus? (ClearPoint CCS, the one I'm with now, only uses TransUnion and was oblivious to half my debts)
Let's say I think the market is headed for a nose-dive, what should I do with my investments?
I plan on purchasing a secondhand Macbook for freelance work, can this be a tax write-off?
HSA Problem, Help?!
Fund Roth, pay tax bill, or do both?
How do I pay debts that collectors aren't contacting me on?
Life insurance, is it a good idea?
Have 5 credit cards with spotless payment records and zero balances. Looking to buy a home - close cards?
If you can pay off your debts in full, is there any advantage to using a credit counseling service? (The one I tried was oblivious to half my debts)
Does anyone know where i can find a good CPA in Northern NJ / NYC ?
Very short term investment?
Does anybody else have a UMB HSA? What did you invest in?
Interesting situation, what state should I file under?
I'm going to invest about $250 in the stock market in the next 48 hours. What would you put your money in?
Exchange index funds for bonds? Tax implications?
Should I buy a car?
Keep mutual fund or open Roth?
When is a 15-year mortgage a better option than a 30-year?
Where should I get my second credit card?
What effect does paying off student loans in full have on credit score?
I move around a lot - what do I do with my savings?
Is it law in the US for a lender to tell a borrower how much principle and interest they are paying respectively when they make a loan payment? If so, what is the law called?
If I request a credit line increase on my AMEX in under 6 months of the previous increase, does this reset the time period or can I just request again once 6 months comes around?
How do you pay property taxes after your mortgage is paid off?
Pay off car early or continue to build credit?
Employer hasn't sent W2 yet. How long should I wait before reporting?
Should I claim an additional exemptions?
I'm about to start an 18 month internship, help me plan out the best way to save/invest my earnings? (CA)
Alternative to the Dave Ramsey "snowball" online tool?
College students, 19y/o, best financial options for me?
How am I doing? Specifically, should I be more aggressive with paying off my student loans?
Pay off student loans in 5 years, or save 1 year for a house?
What type of financial assistance or tax credits are available to gainfully employed adults who return to school?
Am I saving too much?
Will a brief tenure at a job with a higher salary improve long-term salary negotiations?
Should I claim additional allowances for 2014?
What do you guys do with bonuses and your 401(k)?
Leap options as a tool for leverage?
Question about my Credit Report?
W-4 "Adjustments Worksheet" gives me 17 total allowances. Am I taking crazy pills?
Know of any credit counseling services that use all three credit reporting bureaus and will try to negotiate your debt down?
How to put my money to work for me?
Is it smarter to float my credit card?
We just sold our house (yay!), now where do we put that money?
Altering my saving strategy temporarily?
What best to do with liquid savings?
How should we prepare to buy a house?
Budgeting with pen and paper?
Parents opened up Roth IRA as a Christmas gift. Does it look like a good one? Where can I learn more?
When to hire a CPA or tax professional?
Are there any good apps for credit card rewards or budgting?
Federal Student Loans appear to be double counted on my credit report?
How would you go about paying off this debt?
Taxes: What proof do I need to have ready if I'm audited?
New job starting in a month, what should I be weary of with my new salary?
Am I on the right Path? 21 years old.
Should I get removed as an authorized user on my moms credit card?
Would leaving my job to further my education be financially unsound?
1098-T Lowers tax return by ~$2,000.. Any advice?
10yr vs 25yr student loan term - which is better for credit?
MONEY: Collecting a life insurance policy in the next couple of weeks. I am getting married in October and having a baby any day now. What are some investment and account ideas that are both stable and creative?
How do I create a formula in Excel to calculate my take-home pay after taxes?
Large difference between FICO and FAKO?
Can someone walk me through how to do a "Backdoor ROTH?"
Large difference between FICO and FAKO scores?
Paid of Credit Cards-Keep them or Cancel them for credit score?
My S&amp;P 500 Index fund isn't tracking the index very well. Is this cause for concern?
22yo, single, moving to a big city: How much should I save first?
Collections not on credit report?
My student loans are due soon. Can I get an opinion on my financial situation?
21 year old with $1,000. What should I do with it over the next 5 years if I want to use it for travel money?
Scotttrade Transaction Fee on VFIFX, can someone explain for me?
How can I use my IRA to buy real estate?
I have an unpaid debt from 2008 on my credit report. I now want to move into a new apartment. What are my options?
Just started a 401k - help!?
When is debt a good thing?
Taxes - Owe (a lot) for the first time ever, can't figure out for sure why, and will I have a penalty?
Should I just ignore the student loans?
Taxes - owe (a lot) for the first time ever. Not sure why? And how to fix it?
HELP! I am spending way too much money($5k a month in and out) with little to no saving! How do you really set a budget and keep to it?
How does a 20 year old go about getting a loan?
How to save money with an income of £1500 a month to go traveling this time next year? (further details within) (UK)
Should I consolidate my federal loans? Currently on a 10 year repayment
What to do with tax refund (student loans, emergency fund, or just save?)
College choices?
First Salary Job, what should I do with my savings?
What's the best use for my personal savings?
What are the financial benefits of a Civil Union between two plutonic friends (guy and girl)?
Should I open an Ally checking account to go with my savings?
reddit, is it worth the risk? *lending money to family*
How Much House Can I Afford?
Pay down wifes student loan or mortgage?
I put $10k+ per month on my credit card. What's the best card to take advantage of this?
What to do with my tax return?
Should my mom refinance her mortgage?
I inherited some money, now what?
How to leave money to family members without a will ?
What can be improved in our PFM software?
Has anyone ever discovered identity theft after submitting their taxes?
Can we afford this house? (Canada)
No degree, making 52k a year. Should I go back to school?
Took out a $15,000 line of credit due to a family emergency but was able to solve the problem without using any of the funds. Do I leave the line open or close it? In other words does this have an adverse affect on me?
What is a good FICO Credit Score?
Has anyone here ever sued a parent? I have a wall of text and would really appreciate some insight.
What is a good first credit card?
Employer tuition reimbursement for MBA...is it worth it?
Pay off mortgage or invest?
House reno - pay with cash or home equity loan?
What are our chances of getting approved for a rental place based on our history?
Should I buy the house next to mine?
Where should I put this money?
Should I increase my secured credit card limit?
Receiving annuity as a beneficiary, how hard will I be taxed?
Should I change my wife's IRA's allocations?
Any feedbacks on Best of Both from H&amp;R Block? Is it worth to get the service for Schedule K filing ?
why bother buying a house?
Read a lot of conflicting answers. What is the best way to pay off a debt in full?
As a college student in a happy financial position, but wanting a secure future with smart investing; what are the best things I [21F] can do now?
Anywhere offer free Federal AND State e-filing? (made less than 58K and live in OR)
Has Anyone Read Rich Dad, Poor Dad?
Anyone have experience with buying a new hybrid and the tax credits involved?
Should I trust a mortgage broker who is known for giving out a lot of loans?
What kind of things do Emergency Funds get spent on?
Should I have more money in bonds?
Got some mortgage pre-qualification numbers today. Is this correct?
I am employ mother-in-law, how do I maximize her Social Security benefits?
A friend said, that I should save my medical bills, that I may get a tax deduction., Is this true?
19, college student, currently interning, how can I make my money "work for me"?
Looking to see if I can improve financial strength with better allocation?
Renovate or pay off mortgage early re: inflation?
I'm a CPA who loves minimalism/financial independence - how can I TEACH it?
Contributed too much to Roth IRA. Convert to Traditional IRA and then Backdoor Roth again?
What should I invest in? (25f)
(AU) I am about to invest 25g (all I have) in rabodirect 5% p.a. for 5 years am I crazy?
Quick Question: Emergency fund or debts first?
To buy or not to buy?
How much do people spend in retirement?
switching to an online only bank. Thoughts?
Worth buying a house instead of renting?
Tax Return? What's that?
A credit card offer came in the mail today With my personal information in it - ripped open! Should I be worried? Do I need to do something here?
Should i start and IRA with PNC Bank?
Dumb question…If I contributed to a Roth 401K in 2013, I can adjust my taxable income to the tune of the contributions, right?
Feedback on my budget?
What do I do now?
Wondering where your 2014 US Federal Tax Refund is? The IRS.gov website can tell you.
First time filing taxes, multiple jobs, federal income tax not withheld?
In your 20s: spending on lifestyle vs. non-retirement savings?
Looking for some insight on the best way to use my Tax Return...?
Went from being underemployed to a decent salary, now what?
Should I max out my credit card to pay down a personal loan with a higher interest rate?
Lost my job in December, found a new one but it pays 30% less. EF is empty, racked up some debts. Advice please?
Credit Card Debt free as of TODAY! Now how to start an emergency fund?
Need some simple(?) tax guidance for a unique situation
Sell stock to pay down Credit card debt?
How do you measure your emergency fund?
Time to structure savings? Single founder of small business with sustainable income
I'm a teenager that just got 735$. What should I do with it?
Adding an authorized user on a credit card to help increase their credit score?
Is there a way to automatically limit how much you can charge to a credit card from a certain vendor?
How does a Line of Credit work?
What to do, what to do?
My mom's home insurance is $500+ a month on a home she paid only $27,000 for...wouldn't she be better off saving her own money in a savings account?
Will opening a personal line of credit hinder my ability to take out student loan later this year?
Can I take an expensive vacation?
Saving for travel with a Roth IRA?
Taking Money From Previous Investments To Start Over and Cancel Out Debt?
Can I take an expensive vacation at 23 years old?
$7000 is showing on my credit report on a lease my ex wife signed. What is the best course of action?
(AU) 19yr old uni student, $3000 in savings, what to do with it?
19 years old. 40k a year. How would you save/invest to the fullest?
19 Y/O with 2 jobs and ~$800/month... saving for a car?
Is full coverage insurance really a good idea for a brand new car (paid for out of pocket, no loan)?
Does starting a Roth IRA or 401K now have any affect on our 2013 taxes?
When to cancel a credit card and get a new one?
My hobbies made me an unexpectedly large amount of cash last year. What do I do, tax-wise? (CA)
About to receive a raise, is this the right time to look for a new position?
I'm planning to move outside of the country for a while after I graduate College, should I start working on a retirement fund, etc. now? If I work overseas how will that play into it?
Am I doing OK?
$250K private student loans - pay off first vs. invest in something with a higher return?
mortgage, kid's college fund, retirement?
Just Picked Up Part Time Job, Percentage To Save?
Should very rich people buy life insurance?
How am I doing? (follow-up #2)
22 y.o, out of college, making ~$80k a year, what next?
19yo and only making ~$450 a month. How can I begin making an EF? And how should I utilize my tax return?
I am an owner occupant in a duplex, is there anyway around getting premium versions of tax software that accommodate to "rental property owners?"
what would you do with extra cash?
What should I do to start building my credit?
21 yrs old - make $1500-$2000/mo graduating College in May...Advice on first home?
In the last year-ish started being responsible with my money, what tips do you have for someone who is still learning to be financially responsible for themselves?
Paying off Credit Card Debt vs. Investing in a Mutual Fund -- which to fast-track?
What personal finance skills should an 18 year old learn before leaving home?
How much cash do you keep on-hand and why?
I have $1000, and am 19. What should I do with it?
Tips on financing downpayment on a home?
How can I still open a Roth IRA and use it as 2013 contributions? Can I do this with my simple IRA too?
What's the best credit card for travel with no annual fee? I'm buying a roundtrip flight to Europe in the next couple weeks.
Working / making money as a teenager?
Smart Taxes; File jointly or separate?
What do I do with my money? (IRL)
soon to be 21 about to get $21,000 what should I do with the money?
30 yr old, little savings, can I open an IRA?
Should I consolidate my student loans?
Anything else I could be doing?
My credit report is f***ed. Accounts I didn't know about, delinquency, et al. Where do I start fixing this?
Drop in income coming in 7 months, what are my priorities?
Can anyone explain backdoor Roth IRA contributions?
With a 30+ year timeframe, and high risk tolerance, what is the point of buying bonds right now?
Where to put my money first?
Looking at leasing a new car? Read this first.
How do I calculate actual interest rate given an APY?
Best credit card for college student?
Simplest video/PDF to explain a vanguard target date fund and the benefits of compound interest to someone inexperienced/uneducated in personal finance? Vanguards materials use terminology is still a bit advanced
Accounts at multiple banks? For "special" savings?
Would you move back in with your parents if it meant that you would be debt free?
Pay off student Loans now? 25yrs old, $57,750/yr with a 401k.
What is the best type of retirement account for me?
Last year I thought I would be claimed as dependent, but I wasn't. Worth it to amend my tax return?
What % of my credit limit should I be using?
If I open a Roth IRA before April 15th, will it be taxed at my 2013 tax rate?
What is the best investment strategy for a child?
New to investing, please advise. Should I use Vanguard over USAA?
Should I skip maxing out my IRA if I make too much to deduct contributions?
Fiancee had issues getting her first cred card. Advice on reapplying? (CA)
Anyone familiar with 1098-T reporting standard on the amount for Tuition Billed considering Scholarships and Grants? The numbers I received are not looking correct for filing taxes. Screenshot inside.
I have ~$30,000 that I intend to use to fund traveling and school over the next ~4 years. Do I have any options for short term growth? (CA)
how much house?
How do you calculate real investments returns?
Various Loans (student + vehicle), is there any benefit to paying one off earlier than the other?
I want to be knowledgeable about taxes. Where can I start?
Buying a new car and selling an old car advice?
Helping a friend with videos, getting paid in cash, do I file taxes?
First Time Home Buying - Can I do this?
I live outside of America, what are some of the advices commonly given here that I cannot take advantage of and how will my strategy differ?
My girlfriend's credit is wrecked and she is in a lot of debt. What should we do?
Money from Europe (Germany) to US: How?
Can I take up my dead fathers mortgage payments? (UK)
I'm building my credit. Is myFICO's $15/mo subscription worth it?
Californians with normal income - how did you save a down payment?
My GF's boss won't give her her 1099 and W2 forms. She has offered to just "give her the figures" instead. What can she do?
22M - About to start a high-pay, high-tax, full time job. Ideas to reach 3 goals? I want to pay off parents mortgage
Which is the best account/bank for me?
Looking to have some questions answered, who should I be talking too?
Looking to get a credit card... how is DCU credit union? Their interest rate is low, and I read some good things about them
21 with a large sum of money know one knows about, what should I do ?
Can anyone recommend a secured credit card?
Contribute more money via 401k or move money into index fund now?
How many children is reasonable?
Married filing separately, how do deductions get divided between you?
Moved back to my parent's house to get back on my feet, now what?
Starting a job where I will be able to contribute towards retirement, but employer doesn't match 401k. Options?
Getting about 4k from my tax return - what do?
Recommendations for personal budget apps for android?
I'm 18 years old and i'm trying to get into stocks, What advice can you give?
21 years old, no bills, working soon, want to become a full time student. Help?
I'm needing a new car but have no credit. What price range should I be looking at?
Am I missing something? Is an Roth/Normal IRA right for me?
Canadian in the US! Questions about saving (401k/IRA???)
Almost 30 years old. $28,000 in student loan debt. Should I pay extra on my loans or save up for a down payment on a house?
I have 40k waiting for me when I turn 21, How to invest?
Given my situation, how much money should I spend on what kind of car?
Any options to consolidate private student loans?
Best stategy to pay off debt?
What to do with my money to fight inflation?
New Job: Pre-tax, Post-tax, or Roth 401k account?
Is there a point to having both a Traditional and Roth IRA?
Increasing a credit rating: is carrying a balance necessary?
How should our condo factor into my financial planning?
Are companies that provide you with a 1099 supposed to give it to you by January 31, like ones that give W-2s?
How to divide my money [18]?
How can I stay devoted to my budget without it consuming me?
What is the opinion here on FutureAdvisor? (www.futureadvisor.com)
Rejected for Capital One credit card, reconsideration?
Is it worth it to pay excess contribution fees on an IRA? I would appreciate help very much! :)
Building credit - should I apply for another card?
Recent College Grad living in Manhattan; wondering what the ideal percentage of monthly income should be spent on rent?
Spreading out our money more than just the mortgage? (CA)
Is the score given by freecreditreport.com more accurate than Credit Karma?
How much should I be spending on rent per month?
Should I consolidate my student loans?
Has anyone taken a sabbatical from work?
How can I improve my poor credit score as a 20 yo college student?
How much in savings is enough before you try day trading? (CA)
Open a retirement account for my wife?
Pension was cashed out as a lump sum, now I realize I should have gone with IRA rollover, what are my options?
Why do I owe taxes on this year's return?
Didn't convert my Trad IRA to a Roth. Was that the wrong choice and can I fix it now?
I can finally start paying off some debts, but I don't know who I owe or how much. How do I find out?
Incredibly stupid question but...do I have credit?
Save my earnings or spend it on my startup? (NOR)
Accepting settlement offer for student loan?
What should I do with my Tax Return and Bonus?
Is paying off students loans weekly vs monthly worth it?
Is it safe to use electronic payment methods at Target again?
Received a check for 20k. What should I do with it?
Getting my new tax refund. Pay off credit card debt or pay towards car loan?
Been on a budget using YNAB, Mint and the personalfinance resources for about a month now. I have 700usd saved. And more coming in from tax returns. I'm at. Credit Union now. Any reason I should try Ally bank?
Want to 'upgrade' home in 2 years, where to start?
How much to spend on a new car?
Employer won't give me W-2, what should I do?
Save for house or Contribute to Roth IRA? How do you guys decide what to do?
Besides Credit Cards, What other types of accounts can I open to build my credit strength?
How worth it is it to switch banks for savings accounts?
Woops! I didn't realize my student loan was in default. What should I do?
I'm getting a large return, how can I adjust my withholdings?
If I already have the cash, should I get a credit card to pay off my student loans?
Setting up a Roth IRA for girlfriend?
I have an interest free student loan, should of bother trying to pay it off faster? (NZ)
Part owner of a home - Tax Deduction?
Does your drivers license state matter on how you pay your taxes?
What am I doing wrong?
I need to get a Lien Release Letter from a bank that was bought out last year. The bank that bought them has been less than helpful. Ideas?
401k Investment vs. Student Loans: Starting from scratch, how to best plan for the future and reduce debt?
I feel silly for asking, but if I owe back taxes, how will it affect my refund?
Should I cancel a card with a fee even if it's my oldest credit card?
About to start a new job, how am i doing financially for my age?
How much does your credit matter when applying for a job?
Life insurance as a retirement plan? Does anyone have any insight?
Am I crazy for considering buying my apartment from my landlord? (NYC area)
Should I get a CPA this tax season?
Advice on getting started?
Over-invest in a Roth IRA, then withdraw extra before end-of year?
Should I wipe out this student loan?
Savings while living in a different country?
Can I roll over my company sponsored 401k into my IRA more than once?
Should I pay off a loan first or contribute as much as I can to a Roth IRA before the 2013 tax season?
Just got a raise, over the Roth IRA contribution limit. Where do I go from here?
Benefits to keeping credit cards?
I'm a teenager who's looking to invest his money do you guys have any tips on getting started?
Young, and one day inheriting commercial property that pays out a middle class income. What would you do? What should I do?
Advantages and Disadvantages to taking a 30 year mortgage but paying it like a 15 year one? Input sought
I am 24 Male that wants to get a credit card to start with. Whats a good Card to start with?
[serious] How can I spend more, reasonably?
Should I leave a low amount remaining on my student loans instead of paying them off completely to positively affect my credit?
What exactly does a landlord or property management company see when they pull my credit report?
RSUs traded for taxes reported in W2?
What are the most rewarding credit cards right now? I have an excellent credit score and prefer a sign-up cash reward.
My toddler has $1500 in her piggybank. Where should I put it?
Virginia tax refund withheld for ambulance ride in 2012? Amount may be wrong as well..
Any interest in an AMA with Laura Adams?
Maxing out work 401(k). Roth or Traditional?
Who to pay when account went to collections but had payment arrangements made?
OTC Stock - How/where do I sell it?
23, $36,000, looking to purchase a 145K house?
How do I add a Vanguard account when I have already contributed fully to my Roth IRA?
401k match that decreases as contribution goes up....what do you do?
How badly will transferring my credit card debt (4k) to a 0% APR card hurt my credit score?
I secretly opened a Roth for my daughter a few years back when she was a minor. She's recently come of legal age. What do I need to tell her?
Can I buy and sell Bitcoin as a stock?
Rolling over student loan to a 0% Credit Card?
What is a Health Savings Account/why should I have one?
Should I even do my taxes this year?
What do you do with your annual bonus?
Bank will not connect to ANY financial App. Alternatives?
How long do you wait before asking for a raise?
ROI of 60K, best short term investments?
Financial Planner-is it worth it?
How much do tax incentives improve homes as investments?
Should I do anything about the loans or just let them sit?
26 making 40K a year, no rent or bills because still live with parents, investment suggestions/opportunities?
[Help] Target refusing to cancel my store credit card...Is there an authority I can contact?
Money Market Account from an Online Bank (US), Aye or Nay?
How do I get money out of my account with just a card that will only function as credit?
(US) Free-file for married-filing-jointly? I can only find one for a different state.
[Tax Help] My SO works for one organization but is paid by two separate entities (?). As a result he often ends up paying $800+ in taxes every single year. why is this? and how can we fix it?
Should I convert my Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA?
What should my next move be?
How do I get my W-2 after leaving the Army?
Does anyone have experience with the Visa Choice Privileges Card from Choice Hotels?
(UK) Apart from a general savings account or ISA what is the best way to use any savings (funds, bonds etc)?
(Canada) When you're below the poverty line... What then?
Who can I goto to get my credit in order? Can't receive credit report. Please help!
HSAs that rock?
I get $500 refunded monthly for work expenses. How can I take advantage of this?
Primerica. Thoughts?
Huge student loan debt all in default- help where do start?
401k to Roth IRA, did I do it wrong?
Wallet was stolen. Am I forgetting anything re: Identity Theft?
Credit Card Consolidation loan effect on mortgage in a year. Any tips?
Got my first credit 4 months ago (Chase Sapphire) and I'd like to apply for the Chase Sapphire Preferred card. If I get the CSP I was planning to cancel my standard Chase Sapphire. Is this a good idea?
Let store card account close or not?
Any tips for how to find and hire an accountant?
IRA to save for MBA?
Who offers the best one stop shop for Credit Card, Checking, and Savings?
Can I submit my 1099 contractor form to the irs directly, or do I need to give it to the employer? I don't feel comfortable because the employer is out of state.
My University won't provide me with a 1098T...?
24/f, Should I file for bankruptcy or just go off the grid?
Started 401k in November 2013. Can I still max out my IRA and claim tax benefits before I file taxes?
I make $42k after taxes and a substantial amount of retirement deposits. Is a $120k home within my range?
Is a bike loan different in FICO from auto loan?
Betterment vs Vanguard?
About to inherit 40k. Have about 35k in debt. Should I pay it all off?
I just paid off my credit card debt. Now what?
Need some advice pay the car off or not?
First Credit Card?
How am &lt;i&gt;I&lt;/i&gt; doing?
I will have some income this summer. Should I pay down debt or take out less loans in the fall?
Post Chapter 13 advice, what can I do to better my score. What should I be doing now to prepare myself for the future?
Does it make sense to get my masters degree while paying off debt?
Could I please get some advice and guidance BEFORE I get in way over my head? I may be starting a graduate program that will put me around 200k in debt.
What do do with emergency fund?
Does anybody have any experience with an index mutual fund? Pros? Cons?
Do I have to amend my taxes if I open a RothIRA for 2013 now?
Unpaid Medical Bill - Received Notice of Collection yesterday - my Health Insurance was never billed - Advice?
As a 1099 employee is my commute to the office a business expense that can be written off?
High school senior here. What's the best purchase/investment I can make with $1000?
How do I go about renting out my parking spot?
Is Global Discoveries LTD a Fraud or Informative?
What credit monitoring arrangement works best for you?
21 yrs. old, want to invest $1000 in mutual funds. Best company to use?
What is the safest and cheapest website to get a credit report/score?
[Help] What is the best program to keep track of finances for a medium size non profit?
Company stock purchase plan, high risk, high reward. Should I do it ?
I have $600 cash that I don't need to spend, how can I most effectively invest it?
How irresponsible would it be for me to buy my dream computer now?
What debt(s) should I apply my refund to?
Is it good to cash in all our investments and retirements accounts so we wouldn't need to get a mortgage?
25M living in Manhattan. Trying to pay a mortgage and rent. Can you critique my budget?
Putting debt from one card to another?
Roth or 457?
Just got my tax refund., how do I maximize my upcoming student loan payment?
To pull investments (ROTH, IRA, etc) from Edward Jones to self-manage?
House Financing. Do I need escrow to pay my house insurance and property taxes for me? Can I not do this on my own? How much do I stand to save paying my own bills?
[Advice] Mortgage - should I obtain a mortgage from the same bank that I do my normal checking account through?
Is it beneficial to use personal installment loan to pay off first high balance and rate credit card?
Should I get a credit card to help me in a desperate time?
How can I maximize my employer's 401k Matching Contribution?
Simple Banking... can anyone spare an invite?
Credit score 710 but limited credit, turned down by BoA and WF for $16k auto loan. Best options?
Is natural gas really cheaper?
If I get maid a bonus, this year, for last years performance, do I claim it next year?
Opened a roth IRA, made my first contribution. now what?
Newly Married - Looking for stellar household budget app or template?
Canadians - TFSA or GIC for long term savings?
Advice on whether or not to open a new credit card?
What does /r/PF think about "Man Vs Debt"?
I want to send a friend from a different state $2,000. What is the best way?
Approaching 30 and I feel like I should be in a better spot. First child on the way, can anyone look over my budget and provide help?
Husband and I (35 &amp; 33) just finished paying off our mortgage. Now what?
IRA with $500 minimum?
Should I invest in the T.Rowe Price Target Retirement Fund?
Pulling my credit for the first time in years to start cleaning - pull all 3, or one at a time?
21 y/o. Owe $1700 to my school. What can I do to pay off my debt (ASAP)?
What to do with extra money?
Move back to a city I just moved back from for a 60k a year job?
401(k) Options: Should I Invest in the T. Rowe Price Target Retirement Fund?
Am I putting too much into my 401k and IRA?
Recently became unemployed (sort of), how else can I bring down my cost of living? Also, is it ever ok to put less than 20% down for a house?
Is paying down a mortgage the same risk as buying a treasury bond?
Just got a debt collection letter from something that is 10 years old, and I thought was settled. What should I do?
3K in stocks and 20.5K in Student loans. Do I use the stock money to pay down the Student loans?
Can someone explain the idea of having four credit cards, two with a balance and two without, boosting your credit score?
Would this approach be wise for us?
H&amp;R Block versions free, basic, deluxe, premium, which one?
Moving out, how do I calculate?
Are we as bad off as we think we are?
Will changing credit cards affect my credit score? What's the best way to do it? (CA)
Credit cards: 1. Is there such a thing as too many credit cards (if you use them all responsibly)? 2. Is it better to close one when you open a new account?
Any opinions on the Personal Finance for Dummies books?
Best savings account?
Take a peek at this grad student's budget?
Mortgage lender is increasing escrow payments. I think they messed up. What do you think?
Only 26, but don't think I'm saving enough. At the same time, I don't ever think I have enough for recreational spending. How should I balance this?
34 year old with good income but no savings, no 401k, no investments, no nothing. How screwed am I for retirement?
Financial newbie saving the majority of my money for college, wondering if there's any point in using my employer's 401k?
I was offered a $10,000 credit card. Would it be better to activate it and never use it, or just not activate it at all?
Tips on cutting costs?
How much is my "free time" worth?
Are my 401k options terrible? Any recommendations for building a portfolio?
Credit limits and the risks (?)
Maybe a dumb question - do I actually need a separate savings account?
I pay off all my old debt, now what?
Is there a good app to track personal finance/ debt reduction? (CA)
Good amount to have in an emergency fund? (Soon to be college grad)
I have $85k to invest, how do I do it?
Where do you stash your EF?
Starting a New Job.. what to do with 401k?
Why is the student loan interest deduction capped at $2,500.00?
Should I get a higher limit CC if I'm approved?
How to invest outside of retirement accounts?
Opinions about high yield muni bonds?
[Per Diem] Is there a limit to how long I am able to collect this money?
Can I file for bankruptcy if I'm being sued?
Should I pay off loans, leave money in savings, or?
How should risk be spread out between the different types of retirement/investment accounts?
Use my savings for CC debt?
Worth investing before grad school?
Maximum for direct deposit redund?
How have your finances changed over the duration of your adult life?
I am soon to be 20 and it seems its never to young to start a retirement fund?
How much time is considered average for automatic 401k contributions show up in account?
Roth as a pseudo emergency fund?
Is filing taxes this easy?
Possibly getting sued but not sure?
1098-E (Student Loan Interest Paid) - Should it LOWER my tax return?
What kind of of lifestyle will my salary afford?
Invest in a Target Date Fund if it doesn't have a 10yr track record yet?
Should I convert 1500 USD to CAD to be able to start a 5K+ investment account?(CA)
How do you budget for buying your first home?
Can I negotiate a lower APR% on my credit card if my credit score has significantly changed since I first applied?
Help! Am I going to screw up my credit score? What do I do?
How does someone with bad credit and a lot of disposable income build credit?
27, college grad: $30K Student Loan Debt, $10K Backtaxes, $42K Income - Advice?
Backdoor Roth IRA - good or bad idea?
How screwed are we?
How do I buy ETFs from Questrade, for example, and move them into my TFSA at my bank (Scotia)?
Canceling a very new secured credit card?
If I am a dependent but I file my own taxes, do my parents still need my information when they file taxes?
Do Roth 401(k) and Roth IRAs share contribution limits?
Broke college student with brief stint of high-paying work; Taxes? Emergency funds? Student loans?
Is there a good personal budget program? (preferably free?)
If i'm planning on buying a home in the next 2-3 years, where should I be putting the money i'm saving for it?
Closing out credit cards?
Taxes are killing me, anything I can do?
How often do you look at your retirement funds?
Student loan interest paid in 2013 was sky high. Any way I can use that toward future taxes?
Buying Paper I-Bonds with Tax Refund?
When is debt cheap enough to prioritize investments instead? 4.25%
Keep car and refinance, or sell it and buy something more affordable?
How to choose where to live?
I "have" $10m. Any way to remove the quotes?
Roth IRA for large purchases?
Tax deductible loan interest. Should I pay these loans off?
(US) When you get a large raise/promotion, is payroll supposed to recalculate how much tax to withhold?
I get paid on the 1st and 15th of each month -- I currently put away half my mortgage in savings on the 15th and pay the bill on the 1st...should I pay on the 15th?
Withdrawing from Roth 401k to pay off student loans?
Can I add money to my 401k not through my employer?
Implications of becoming self-employed as a software dev contractor? (CA, USA)
I own shares from a previous pre-IPO company. What liquidity options do I have?
Promised Raise as Up-Front Bonus?
Tax Question: I got married, bought a house &amp; sold some stock in 2013. Should I do my own taxes or hire an accountant?
Should I pay off my mortgage with 401k loan?
what am i doing wrong?
Check book app that allows rounding up change?
Keep money in Municipal Retirement System after leaving job?
Law school or job?
Credit Card Autopay Massive Fail: Ideas?
Survey: How old are you, how much do you have in your checking account(s), and do you feel "well off"?
Roth IRA and 403b the same Target fund?
How can I get CAD from Canada to the US in USD the quickest and easiest way?
Any advice for a college student, completely new to finances?
Still contributing to Roth 401k and IRA, should I switch to traditional?
Mom is threatening to withhold CD from me, what do I do? (US)
/r/PF, If you could map out the life a person with the ideal PF knowledge, what would their timeline be like?
How to withdraw thousands of dollars from my Ally account on short notice?
Will Interest Rates for Deposits ever go up from the less than 1% they are now?
Can I/Should I move out given my financial situation?
My father (68) has medi-cal and food stamps. He recently inherited an IRA and wants to take out a portion without affecting his benefits. How can I best help him or get the correct information? (California)
When is it acceptable to pay someone else to manage your portfolio?
Inheriting a shared cabin in Canada. What should we find out before going into this? Very clueless...
What taxes do I have to pay on vested (but not cashed-out) stocks in the US?
Saving/investing money?
What is your company's 401k match?
27/M How am I doing? Also looking for a critique of my allocations.
Looking for tax software or service to help us decide whether to file jointly or separately to see if the extra taxes are worth it for the reductions in student loan payments, any advice?
Is a high limit credit card an acceptable emergency fund?
AllianceOne put me in collections after being paid in full over a year ago when I disputed the bad mark on my credit report. What do I do?
Mygreatlakes changing my amortization rates on my student loan WTF?!?!?!
My mom authorized a credit card for me under her Capital One account, and now she's ruining her credit. Will this impact my credit rating?
How do I buy a house? Questions from a first time buyer.
Do I deduct my pre-tax, self-paid employee commuter benefits, on my taxes?
How do I save for multiple goals?
Paying Quarterly Taxes on Fellowship Income?
How is federal income tax withholding calculated, and how do I withhold less?
Any advice on moving Recurring payments to Credit Cards to accrue points and raise credit score?
25 year old with only a mortgage as debt. When should I start making extra payments?
Outstanding student loan interest but no minimum payment required. Should I pay?
Applying For AMEX?
Paycheck Deduction? TO-PIA MED EE? Help?
Have you tried to buy a used car using a credit card or cash withdrawal from a credit card? How well did it go?
Time for A Course Correction?
How to pay for an engagement ring if I have the cash but don't want to hit credit limit on credit card?
What mental disabilities are eligible for disability benefits? How much money per month would I receive if I am in California?
How to avoid a rent increase when apartment website lists your floorplan for less than the renewal terms?
Got a letter from Capital One offering to upgrade my Platinum card to a Quicksilver card. Seems like a good deal, unless I'm missing something?
US resident in UK with UK-based scholarship &amp; stipend: what about US taxes?
23 years old, in the US. January 2013: &lt;$1k in bank account. Graduated. January 2014: $40k in bank account. What do I do with it?
What is your savings target for your 529 account(s)?
Buying a car with 1500?
What's your favorite money hack?
Need 403B advice please help?
Should I transfer my T. Rowe Price Roth IRA to USAA?
What is the most you would suggest a 22 year old with $25K banked spend on a car?
Parents and students of reddit, how did you save up for college?
My credit union is advertising a 3% interest savings account. Whats the catch here?
I am doing my taxes. I am a IT contractor. Can I write off my cell phone?
Impulsive buyer, spent way more than planned, advice?
Tax planning for a university gift?
7500 to 10k in Student Loans or New Car?
Trying to get my credit score over 800?
Taxes: Over-withholding on wife's income to cover my self-employment taxes?
To consolidate and lose the 2.6% interest for the greater good or continue to pay highest interest principles 1 at a time?? Thoughts?
Student Loans no longer show up on Credit Karma?
Allocating savings towards house vs retirement?
Personal Business Expenses are being Taxed?
If I'm unable to contribute the Roth IRA max, does it make sense to put my emergency fund in there?
(CA) No student debts and looking to save as much as possible over the summer before I restart school. What is the best way to do so?
How do I take out a car loan? Can I pay most of it off right away?
Already filled 2013 taxes. Can I still contribute to a Roth IRA for 2013 and amend my tax return?
Should We Buy a House? As usual, our situation is a little left of normal.
Advice for a high school kid?
Am 21. How much should I have saved by the time I'm 30?
Traditional IRA Contribution Limits w/ 401k?
Does anyone know what are the minimum requirements for a HELOC?
18 making 45k what now?
accepted to school of my dreams, but have to sell two cars, both upside down before May. Any suggestions, tips?
Shopping for lenders. Where do I start?
Good idea? Bad idea?
Why hold bonds at all?
Following dreams...sacrificing financial safety and comfort?
Whats the best way to jump start my credit? I have some money making ventures that I plan on utilizing.
Why do people think having a kid means they need to buy a house?
I have been reading from /r/investing and I want to start investing, but what does that go on my taxes?
Pay down student debt vs. Start saving?
International Bank Transfers - possible?
The ugly situation. How do I get rid of all this this debt?
Best cash back rewards card?
So I've been saving up for a down payment for a house. I finally reached that goal (hooray!) but changed my mind about wanting to buy a house. What do I do with the money?
How to pay for home improvement projects? xpost from /r/homeimprovement
Leftover UTMA Money--How to Access?
I received a $0.75 cut in pay with no notification, does anyone know what rights I have, if any?
American Opportunity Tax Credit — Did I blow it by paying for my daughter's tuition entirely from our 529 account?
My credit score is 650. What credit cards am I eligible for?
Is it worth starting a "real" retirement account if I plan on not working after having kids?
Mid-twenties married couple...are we failing?
Starting an IRA or holding off a little?
Moving Across the Country; best practices?
Gold investment?
Can I contribute to 2014 Roth IRA now?
Budgeting Question: How to you handle the income from the sale of an item after you "upgrade"?
What calculation will help me decide whether to aggressively pay down a 1.5% APR income contingent loan? (with bonus currency conversion complication)
Should I opt for a mutual fund or index fund?
Had a credit card for 12 years now but I never use it. Cancel it or keep it to improve my credit score?
How does my mothers boss get away with paying under the minimum wage? [Australia]
Where to put $60K/year I want to earmark for first home downpayment in 2-5 years?
Just got a student job - put money towards my loans or savings?
How much would I/we have at retirement?
Why does it seem more difficult these days?
Can someone explain a brokerage account?
My mother is in severe debt, and is about to lose both her mortgaged properties. Is there any way out of this for her besides bankruptcy? (AU)
A Best name for a cool expense/income tracking mobile app?
How can I save more and otherwise optimize my finances?
What % and which fund should my 401k be in? Lots of options and I am rather unsure.
How much to save for retirement?
How stupid would it be to cash out retirement account to pay off house?
What kind of lifestyle could we live on 85k salary (CA)?
How do I know which credit card to apply for if I don't know my FICO score?
Would it be better for me to use savings to payoff cc debt and car loans or as a down payment for a house?
Can I file my tax return today claiming the full amount that I intend to contribute to my Roth IRA, as long as I actually fund the Roth by April 15th?
How does /r/personalfinance rationalize buying a diamond engagement ring?
Graduated last August, making $52K/yr, how can I get rich? (CA)
Considering 2 year expat job in Taiwan. Salary increasing substantially. How to handle additional income &amp; maximize return?
Going to significantly reduce/stop 401(k) contribution, what are some alternatives? Context inside.
Out-of-state bank account - which state do I owe tax to on interest?
Fidelity Rewards card?
What debt do I pay off first?
Morningstar Retirement Manager just spit this out -- critiques?
Hey guys, does anyone here know of a site that i can check my credit score on am without being scammed? I'm about to apply for a loan and need to get myself in order.
Are mortgage calculators reliable?
Shoud I buy a new car?
Contract Work: LLC or sole proprietorship?
Reading suggestions?
Allocate Roth Rollover to Credit Card Debt?
How likely is a Pay For Delete agreement? What factors contribute to success?
Can I help my mom improver her credit?
Contributions to Roth IRA were around $10,000, should I withdraw around $4,500 to avoid tax implications?
Deducting property taxes?
Anything I'm missing about SEP IRA for my small business?
Taking out a 401k loan to avoid PMI?
Refinancing an auto loan: help me out?
Should I get out of non-deductible IRA? How?
Investing in Real Estate, is this article a little over the top?
Should I be ditching my Simple IRA?
Online tax software versus a tax professional?
Rolling IRA into 401K?
Should I (a dependent student) report scholarships on my tax form?
Best bank account to get for school organizations? Tax ID?
Two bedroom apartment for 735, how do we split the rent between the master and the other room?
401(k) versus Roth 401(k) - are future taxes the only thing I should be thinking about?
Sell a basket of stocks with long-term capital gains and reinvest in index funds?
Local taxes not withheld?
Am I stupid for moving out before paying off student loan? (CA)
How to help when Mother wants financial help but Father doesn't want to listen?
When to stop using free TurboTax/filing with the EZ form and upgrade to a paid service or accountant?
High spending on a car - is it that bad?
I recently got a job that requires a lot of travel... What is the best way to take advantage of buying airplane tickets/ hotels?
Recent college grad, just got a new job. Is it a good salary?
1 year left on our leased Sonata. Need to get out of it. Any advice?
Increase my credit score by at least 70 points by August? Possible? What can I do?
I am supposed to payback a sign on bonus, chances they ask for it?
I'm a indie filmmaker/ freelance marketer. Broke. How should I structure my business? (CA)
Does the amortization on my car loan look right ?
Looking for low cost Traditional IRA. Where do you guys recommend?
Credit card for traveling? xpost:Travel
2 year old car, but want to start saving for the next one. Use a target date retirement mutual fund?
Should I get a reliable car or keep my DD and get a fun car?
24, single, disabled, €50k, would like to move/mortgage?(IRE)
Should I file for bankruptcy?
To Sell or Not? (TW)
How to calculate difference in 401k contributions?
Investments back at pre-recession levels, tax implications?
Approved by a credit union for a vehicle, but didn't like it after test drive. Will they still play ball with me on another vehicle?
Bank mistakenly charged off auto loan. What can I do?
Level Term Life Insurance with a price guarantee shorter than the term?
How could I invest my money to grow it?
Can I safely move out? (NY)
where to invest ~60K? real estate or investment account?
[US] Mid 30s, 7 year old I expect will be going to college. Retirement or Education fund?
I was contacted by a Northwestern Mutual Financial Rep. What does r/PF think of them?
What banks offer the best rewards on Debit card purchases?
When is the right time to buy bonds?
Line of Credit vs Personal Loan for debt reduction?
My 26yr old SO received $40k in a settlement and has asked me to help her figure out how to most responsibly allocate the funds to investments/retirement/savings. What do you guys think?
How much money do you make and what kind of car do you drive?
Wanting too much from an IRA?
What to do about a car not long for this world?
Sell or keep car?
Cycling debt through credit cards?
Self-managed investment account via ADP/ING -- is this what I want to choose my own funds?
Should I only care about expense ratios? 401k investment - here is what I've got to work with.
Just got accepted to a great graduate program... is it worth it?
Married law student with one year left, any changes we should make?
Student Loan Repayment Strategy?
Feedback on my plan to rebalance my 401k?
Married law student, one year left, any changes we should make?
Being taxed at a higher than normal rate?
Can anyone help me with a finance-related project (sort of)?
I took a career start up loan and little of it is left, what do I do? (Military)
How much should I contribute to my 2013 401k?
Saving for retirement without 401k?
Former employer changed 401k vestment rules after I left. Do I have options to keep my vestment?
How to File Last Year's Taxes?
Best way to move my IRA?
25k invested in Roth IRA (maxed out), 25k in savings, no debts, but long term situation (~3-5 years from now) somewhat hazy. What to do with the savings?
Better to claim zero or one in this situation?
I'm 27 and have never owned a credit card. I'm looking to start working on building some credit, does anyone have some recommendations?
Is it worth going back to school for the tax benefits?
Financing for cosmetic surgery?
Need a new car ASAP. What do I need to know about a loan?
Is this the right fund?
How often should I ask to raise my credit limit?
Is it safe to use a Visa debit card for online purchases?
Quick question, whats the process for withdrawing money from a vangaurd account?
Getting married in September. How did marriage change your finance strategy?
Called my bank wanting a CC. The sales woman applied for two CCs for me. Currently I am only using one of them because of the cash rewards. Will not activating my other card negatively impact my credit score?
Would I be able to qualify for any of these rewards cards, and do I really need them or will they be a benefit in the long run?
Whats a good credit card to start building my credit score?
I have $500/mo I can put towards savings, paying off loans/cards, and potentially investments. What should I focus on first?
Applied for Chase Sapphire for first credit card...Denied. "Not enough gross annual income." What do I tell the reconsideration line, or should I even bother?
Should I ask for equity?
If I dispute something that shouldn't be on my credit report which is negatively effecting my credit score, once it is removed, will my score bounce back or is the damage done?
UGH. I have no idea what I'm doing with school loans! Halp?!
17 years old, trying to create a budget + long term goals but I'm lacking some (probably extremely necessary) information. Can someone look it over and point me in the right direction?
Hi I'm a financially independent 7 year old making circa $192k per year. What should I contribute to my pension?
I have 15k in cash with no bills or living expenses. What should i do?
How does my new budget look? (AU)
Could it be better to start contibuting to a Roth IRA then switch to a Traditional IRA?
Why does it take so long for Credit Card purchases to show up in my bank account log? Or, Available balance VS Current balance: WTF?!
Best bank or union to apply for a few thousand dollar loan with, what do I need to know before I go looking?
To Those Making $70k Or More, What Do You Do For A Living?
Do balance transfers hurt your credit rating further?
As a debt-hater, should I just suck it up that I'm going to have a mortgage...or pay it off early?
Saving/Investing $30k for the Short Term (~4-5 years). Willing to take some risk but not to much risk. What's my play?
How to invest $30k? (SWE)
Which IRA to choose if I will eventually phase out of Roth?
I'm disputing a debt with a creditor. I just received a letter requesting info regarding their privacy policy. Is this sketchy?
Do people who live in cities with high living expenses (NYC, San Francisco) and make proportionately higher salaries actually end up with more money in the bank than their professional counterparts in poorer cities?
Should I be investing in my company's 401(k) plan despite no company match?
How do you calculate an operating budget?
before or after tax 401k ?
Anyone have any advice??
Have ~5k that I want to spend on travel next summer. Is parking it in a money market account my best bet?
Paying more toward student loans or car loan?
Financial advisor with marketing degree?
Any tax gurus out there? DINK couple getting hammered every year. Details inside.
What happens to the warranty and extended warranty if you trade in or sell your car?
What is the worst financial product that people commonly buy?
Building emergency fund, put it in a Roth for this year, so you don't lose the 2014 contribution opportunity?
I have only 5k in savings. Should I put it in a roth IRA before the year ends, or should I keep it as an "emergency fund"?
At the age of 28. Starting IT college?
Is my mother allowed to claim me as a dependent?
Best thing to do with vested RSUs in my situation? (FL, US)
Finally paying off credit cards(yay!) Will it hurt my credit to keep them open?
Should I buy a used car all in cash or take out a loan?
Am I doing this right?
Wife has better credit, but lower salary. Does putting myself on a loan help or hinder interest rates?
New College Grad. Starting First Big Boy Job. Is there anything else I should be doing?
Hey Personal Finance, could you give a 21 year old college student some help in direction?
Is COD a bad idea?
Blemish on Credit Report I was unaware of - is there any way to remove it?
1099 and LLC - do I need separate accounts?
Best auto loan for an independent dealer purchase?
Can I file for 2013 taxes if I didn't file for taxes the 3 years prior?
Bank of Internet - Rewards Checking. Is there a catch??
Does consolidating federal student loans reduce the average age of your credit history?
Best place to pull credit report/scores?
What is the most optimal way to budget in DC? Budget Critique
Debt Consolidation...what's the best way to do it?
Is it possible to function with only an online bank?
I am looking to start an IRA. Where to begin?
At what point should you change your insurance from full coverage to liability?
Very confused about my retirement strategy. Which Vanguard fund should I invest in?
Bank offers $20 bonus credited to your acct. per month if you do at least $1500 in direct deposits. I can't find a catch, can PF help?
Rebalancing an off-balanced 401(k)?
Tax refund higher than the taxes I paid ? (Quebec)
Access to TSP &amp; 401(k) - While TSP has lower expense ratios, NJ residents must pay tax on TSP contributions. Should I contribute to 401(k) over TSP?
How fast did you get your tax return?
does anyone use Mint and YNAB?
What to invest in if I have no goals or plans?
In terms of costs, Should I open a Vanguard account to trade with Vanguard ETFs, or is doing them from my current TDAmeritrade account fine?
What was your biggest personal finance mistake?
Next financially responsible career move to make?
What's a sound percentage of income to spend on an automobile every month?
7 Year Rule? Is this happening?
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is falling off in a couple weeks, how will this effect my score?
I recently had my Social Security Number stolen in a large data hack. What should I do to protect myself?
Is there any benefit to me financing a thousand dollar purchase through a company's own credit system with 0% apr when I have the money to purchase it out right?
If you voluntarily leave your job do you qualify for income based deductions via "Obamacare"?
What is a reasonable timeline for debt payoff? Budgeting help
How to best utilize a 100% 401(k) match?
Got my first job... Where do I put my money?
Is it possible to fund an IRA (Vanguard) with a credit card?
Best way to invest $1000 or less? Thanks.
What financial advice do you regret not knowing sooner?
What's the difference between financial investing and gambling?
If you were 36, single, depressed and long term unemployed with 130K in Equities and Mutual Bonds, 300K frequent flier miles and over 60K of travel credit with only 6K 0% interest debt, what would you do?
Should I open up a Roth IRA in Ameritrade where I currently have investments, or should I open it up with Vanguard?
I cannot contribute to a Roth or traditional IRA. What should I be doing with my money?
When to pay my credit card bill?
Advice on staying on a budget when dating?
Thoughts on 529s?
I am a Univ of MD Alum who had my data stolen. What should I do now?
Should I count PTO balance as an asset?
Took me 2 years to pay off a $3000 loan. Is this considered a long time?
Leaving job next week-what to do with 401k?
I've read that 10-20% of income should go into retirement. Does that include employer contributions?
Check my logic?
Asset Allocation in retirement plan (Vanguard, Roth IRA). Stick everything in the Target Retirement 20XX Fund?
Am I paying too much attention to my money flow?
401k Contribution Options.. Roth Contributions Vs After Tax Contributions? WTF, I thought they were the same
When do you decide when to pay down low-interest debt, vs invest in retirement, vs saving for large future expenditures?
Asset Allocation w/ House Buying Plans?
Are there any legal ramifications for someone outside CO and WA investing in marijuana indexes?
How much can I contribute to my Roth IRA for 2013?
What is the best strategy for ESPP?
I've never invested in the stock market but would like to. Where do I start?
Has anyone used Flex Score?
23yo, no loans, minimal bills. Maxed Roth IRA, Established Emergency. How far to take 401k?
Savings or Debt?
What happens if I get approved for a school loan but change my mind about using the money? Is there a way to cancel the acct without it hurting me?
What is the best card out there for flying?
Lost my job and in crazy debt. Do I have any options?
New job out of country--how to pay off credit card?
How likely is a collecting agency to garnish your wages? Was this guy just blowing smoke?
If the economy were to collapse tomorrow the way people feared it would in 2007-8, what would be the best way for young people with few assets and little savings to deal with it going forward?
I just got accepted to grad school. Can anyone point me to some good resources regarding taxing grad student stipends/fellowships?
Should I pay or wait to negotiate with collections?
Changing status from Single to Married on taxes?
What would you change about my lifestyle? Can you do better in this circumstance?
Payoff debt or start savings/Roth IRA?
Great 401(k) match, above Roth limit, should we invest in it anyway?
Hey pf, should/could I take out a personal loan to settle on a defaulted student loan?
$20K to invest with. What do?
What to do with 401k when starting a new job if I'm happy with current 401k rate of return?
[Help] I lost my 1099 (I think)! What should I do? [xpost /r/finance]
At what interest rate should you decide to pay a loan back faster vs moving the extra money to an investment account and investing it?
Turbotax can pay you your refund (part or whole) via Amazon gift card (+10%). Too good to pass up?
Do you invest on margin?
What's the best way for my wife and I to structure our bank accounts?
I am looking for a first time credit card and am a little over my head right now. Any Suggestions?
I got a W2 for 2013 from a company I worked for in 2012, what do I do?
Should I cash in my whole life policy?
Refinance or not?
How do you organize your digital records?
What does this list mean?
Should I settle on this debt?
What do you folks do for additional income?
With tax return season, how should you go about paying debt?
Life insurance for myself only or whole family?
How Do I Invest This Money To Create Income?
How do I find out my total Roth IRA contributions?
When is a car no longer worth it?
No w2, no last pay stub. What should I do?
Practical differences between CPAs and CFPs?
Discovered I have savings bonds in my name. Cash in all, some, or none?
How much is 90K in Boston?
Any reason why my credit score keeps dropping if I'm paying my balance every month?
Will paying extra on my student loans weekly (vs. monthly) result in any worthwhile interest savings?
What's my next move? Advice is appreciated!
What is the minimum criteria for getting a mortgage in Canada?
Buying a house with parents: bad idea?
Can an employer force a medical coverage plan? I am not interested as I am covered until 26. Thank you Obama!
Saving for Emergency Fund, Retirement, and Graduate School at Once?
Should I continue using Financial Engines?
What to do with 401K's?
What Happens to my Student Loans after coming out of Default?
New financial education tool: GradSense: What might your degree be worth?
Need help, which card to pay off first?
What should my retired parents do with money they have sitting in a savings account?
I have an old 401k from a previous employer with enough money to max my 2013 and 2014 Roth IRA contributions, is it beneficial for me to pay the taxes and open up the Roth IRAs?
What happens when I hit my 401k contribution limit?
So everyone recommends to "max out your retirement contributions". $17,500 is now the max limit, divide that by 24 biweekly checks...how the hell am I supposed to afford $729 every check?? Am I missing something?
Are my investments set up in a silly way?
Roth Or Traditional? Vanguard?
Should I go on unemployment? (Unique situation)
Should I further my education?
Company doesn't match 401k - Worth Investing? Low Income Here
$2k in my 401K. What do I do with it?
Just found out my employer doesn't contribute matching funds for my 401k. What are my options?
Variable Income - 2012: 20k, 2013: 150k, 2014: 40k probably. Anyway to avoid major tax disadvantages?
What is your most fun way of investing/saving/making side money?
Help me with buying my first car?
Can you opt out of Medicare if your spouse has employer-provided insurance?
Pay off loans or continue saving?
Going back to college?
Should I sell my late fathers house, live in it, or let the bank have it?
Temporary move for work - can rent be counted as an itemized deduction?
How do I understand my net gain in my 401(k) and IRA?
Finance a cheap car if I got a low interest rate?
Building a credit history for mortgage applications - what are good lines of credit? (CA)
$10k or less made in year = 100% withholdings refund?
Would putting 9% down for an FHA loan have any negative impact compared to putting down 10% for a mortgage?
Is there a way to combine mint with YNAB?
Virtual Credit Cards Based in a Nordic Country? (SE, NO, FI, DK)
Good resource for setting up a trust fund?
Investing my savings in a European fund (in euros)...?
[NL] Eurozone investment recommendations? (something like Vanguard in the US)
I finally paid off my credit cards. Now what?
What should I do with unused store credit accounts?
At what interest rate do you switch your focus from loans to investments, and why?
Am I saving enough in my 401K/Roth 401K?
Is building credit really this hard?
Can you explain why some Roth IRAs are better than others?
Future state of the Roth IRA?
First time filling taxes as a student, where to start?
What do these 401k details mean?
Vested in defined benefit pension at old job. Leave it there, or move the money to an IRA?
Retirement Contributions--Just Married, Maxing Employer Contribution Matching... where to contribute?
What advice would you go back and tell your 20 year old self regarding finances?
What is a method of diversifying credit without car or home loans? Building credit, and my low marks on Credit Karma (and now Discover) are due to credit age and mixture. Suggestions?
-$.17 and got charged interest?!
Where to keep my emergency fund?
Is there a way to automate bills for roommates?
When you take a loan from your 401(k) does the account balance decrease?
I was added as an authorized user to a credit card unknowingly, it negatively affected my credit score, what are my options?
Can I use SEP-IRA with Traditional IRA and 401k?
My aunt added me to her account with 40k USD in it. She is allowing me to transfer it to my other banks. How would i go about doing this legally? (I live in NY)
Do business cards effect personal credit?
I have too many retirement accounts. Should I be combining my accounts? If so, how?
What is the best tool to save for graduate school?
My friend is trying to get me into Forex trading. I am dubious. Advice? (UK)
Brother planning to file bankruptcy over $1,800 ambulance bill, doesn't see it as a big deal. How can I convince him otherwise?
Mortgage for property outside the US?
Complicated financial situation, not sure who to go to for help (CPA, CFA, forums?)
Can some of the more knowledgeable /r/pfers rate this learning resource?
Budgeting Apps - Useful or not?
Far Cry: A Series worth starting from the beginning?
Taxes taken for delinquent student loans?
Single stocks you believe in?
What to do with old employer 401K?
The Art of Balance. Help?
Has anyone been denied a Simple bank account? How long did it take to be able to reapply?
Asset allocation of Roth401k for 31 yr old?
Paying Off Debt with Tax Refund Check- Advice?
I have a mutual fund, my dad started some 10 years ago...... what is it?
Was enrolled in a company retirement fund at my previous employment and they have rolled that fund over into a Traditional IRA now that I no longer work for them. What next?
Looking for opinions... Should I buy a house?
Starting an emergency fund or paying off CC debt more important?
23 year old with no credit history, did i waste 4 years?
Taxes with new student loans?
About 6,000 in Credit Card debit, trying to get a consolidation loan with bad credit, advice/help?
Should I pay down my mortgage or my car loan?
Should I switch contributions to a Roth from my traditional TSP?
Where to invest $20k for the short term?
Update: What was the deal with the FAFSA this year and not reporting assets? I now know the answer!
I forgot about my other two jobs last year!! Can I get a SECOND tax return?
Are these the expense ratios on my 401k (and if so, what do I do about it)?
No 401k, and not eligable for a Roth, where should I put my retirement?
Do my parents have to claim me as a dependent?
Consolidation...living now or saving for then?
Student loans or 401k?
Making the right choices? 23
Could someone explain to me the statute of limitations of tax refunds?
What is the best thing to do with my E-Series bonds?
I've had a credit card for a year. How long should I wait before applying for a better one?
Taking $ out of Roth IRA to move out?
Recently inherited good amount of money - what to do with it?
Should I open up an IRA account for the tax credit this year?
Any advice for a college student in my situation graduating in a year?
Does this app or program exist?
Anyone use mycardstatement.com? I'm a novice credit card user and it's apparently the only way to may my secured MC online. Two questions.
Is this illegal? Can banks do this?
Estimating tax liability of mutual funds in non-tax sheltered accounts?
(US) Closed student loan accounts -- anything I can do about them?
What is the right credit card?
Previous employer mailed W-2 to my old address. Should I be worried about my personal info?
I have an emergency fund and a maxed out Roth IRA. Can't get a 401k. What now?
What happens to 401k if you move abroad?
How much house can I afford?
How should I roll over my 401K and profit-sharing plan?
Some general advice with what to do with my savings vs buying a home?
I have no debt and will be making 80k a year. SO has 100k in school debt. If I saved enough to pay off that debt, would that be a good idea?
I have money to cover a $1,000 deductible for my car insurance. Is there any reason to NOT have it set for $1,000 deductible?
Active Duty, would you kindly look at my budget?
401k alternatives if I want to retire and withdraw before 50?
Putting too much towards retirement? 22, PhD student
Community College debt sent to third party collections; college itself is now making a play against my state tax refund?
Worth worth more, your car's equity or the savings you make after you finish your payments?
Vanguard Voyager service?
Need advice. Do I have an alternative to refinancing to get a co-signer off my mortgage/deed?
Pay student loans off with stocks?
How do I buy a car?
Super ignorant to all of this - need to decide what to place my retirement in for work?
Should I divert Roth IRA contributions to student loan debt?
What is the smartest way to use my (smallish) student refund?
Business budgeting software for someone with a learning disability?
Used car loan yay or nay?
Should I open two Roth IRA accounts my wife and myself and not max out either one or open one account and max that out?
How can I, a 16yo male, invest $100 dollars into _____ to pull a profit?
How to prepare for an MBA Financially?
Where can I learn about risk management for the individual person?
how can I avoid student loans + build my credit? 17 year old from Canada.
I'll be accepting a position with a tech company in the Bay Area and relocating from the Midwest. I'll also be receiving 2.5x my previous salary. Where do I start to build an expectation for cost of living and start budgeting?
Safely sell a used car to a private buyer?
How do I convince my fiancee that she should pay taxes on money she makes under the table?
How do I verify if an email from USAA is legitimate and not a phishing scam?
Car leasing - why would the dealer overstate residual value?
I think I am too obsessed by money. How can I overcome that ?
Chase Slate 0% balance transfer fee/APR for 15 months - is the regular balance retroactive?
Can i get a loan from a bank with no job even though i have income? (UK)
How great of results will I see from paying my car payment every week versus once a month?
Looking to move out with my girlfriend. Are my finances able to deal with this? Any advice would be great.
Some money got left over in my old 401k, do I need to do anything for tax purposes?
How long is it taking you to get your refund?
Hey PF, How Do You and Your Families Handle Gift Giving Holidays?
Can we claim a business expense that was purchased with a relative's credit card, and we paid them back?
What free personal finance website do you recommend?
When it comes to home loan, what is better? Less student loan debt or higher down payment?
Mystery account on credit report?
My company offers a match my 401(k) contribution and I can choose Traditional or Roth 401(k). Should I go with the company Roth 401(k) or open a Roth IRA? Or Both?
What tax rate is my mother paying on her SS?
Going Back to School, is living on one income worth it?
I need help fast! How do I get a loan without having a credit score yet?
[19/M] Should my parents be filing me as a dependent?
Hard inquiry I have no recollection of appearing on credit report?
Is Turbotax premier worth it?
Keep savings or use to pay down car loan?
How Much Should I Budget for Utilities in an Apartment Building?
Dependent 18 YO, first job, expecting to make less than the standard deduction. Exempt from tax witholdings?
How much of a car can I afford per month?
(US) Is personal gift money considered eligible income for a Roth IRA contribution?
Worth Requesting a Credit Limit Increase Before Home Purchase?
[UK] Any dis/advantages to being known by different names by different services?
I haven't filed taxes for like 8 years. Can I just file them and forget about it?
457(b) Retirement plan, variable int SL's, fixed rate mortgage, smallish EM, where to throw extra money?
Should I sell my car/any experience with Zipcar or other carshares?
Keep Mutual Funds or Pay down house?
Help with HELOC, is this the best option?
Should I refinance my FHA mortgage?
What are the details of the tax implications of student loan forgiveness?
Paying students loans question. My payment is $200 and I am paying $300.. $100 goes to interest?
What savings/investment return rate should I use for planning?
Charge-Off/Collection Account Appears Twice - Worth Disputing?
I am not a fan of index funds because I've read that dividends are not included in returns. Am I wrong to this way?
Making 8k-12k a year on freelance web development, should I be creating a company?
Thinking about paying off the rest of my parents' mortgage. Good idea, bad idea?
Overworked and underpaid. I want to move to a new position in my company. How can I do this...?
(US) Would you evaluate my financial strategy? Tips, suggestions, criticism is welcome
First reddit post: what do I do with my money?
Anyone tried out FutureAdvisor?
Should I extend my student loan repayment to help save for a house and/or contribute more to my IRA?
What is the most clever way to personally withhold?
Raising credit score?
Becoming a landlord?
Has anyone ever heard of Student Loan Repairman? My mom has a Parent Plus loan and they said they'd help her out for a monthly payment.
(AU) Have 10k to spend on investing, I'm a novice. Should I start by getting a broker and going on the (ASX)?
What are some good ways to beat inflation?
Feedback on placing ~12k into an RRSP before deadline [Canada]?
Is an online savings account like Ally liquid enough for an emergency fund?
One delinquent payment on a credit card (30 days). Does it really screw up your credit score that much?
What are some great personal budgeting apps for iPhone?
Anyone have experience with bidawiz.com?
I've been offered a rather large sum of money for my Facebook ID. Should I go through with it?
Best budget worksheet design for someone who doesn't use a computer and lives paycheck to paycheck?
AMEX Blue Cash Preferred &amp; Wegmans: no longer earning 6%? Not due to annual category spending cap.
Anyone with Chase Freedom (or credit card knowledge): What do my numbers mean here?
I was the definition of irresponsible when I was 18-21 and it shows on my credit report, I had credit card debt that I couldn't afford to pay off for a while but it is gone now. My score is poor, and I want to rebuild. What credit card approves poor scores for the purpose of rebuilding?
USAA hard inquiry/canceling new card?
How much to save for having a baby?
At what pricetag would trading in my car for a new one make sense?
Small freelancing work - taxes?
Is the Discover FICO score the real FICO score?
Was let go from my job a while ago, and now I've got a toothache that seems to slowly get worse. What are my options?
Vanguard Managed Account Program - worth it?
What is the best spreadsheet you have found on the subreddit for budgeting?
This year I just opened my business. I would like to buy a new car but don't have pay stubs. What do I do?
Can kids use chore allowance to start Roth IRA?
Private vs. Federal loans for medical school?
Are there are negative side effects to paying off loan's and CC's all at once?
Did not file last year's tax. What should I do?
Target date fund vs. 3/4 fund portfolio in IRA for growth?
What fund for my 401(k)?
Do I need to file for taxes?
Vanguard Question - How do I find out how much i've contributed to Roth IRA for a specific year? EG: 2012, 2013...
Does anyone have any advice on how to handle my high APR% on my CC?
Should I pay off my car completely?
No Mortgage Statement?
I'm turning 30 this year, my wife is also 30, we have 0 kids, and we have no debt between us. What would be a good benchmark financially for us? Savings\Retirement\Investing\etc. etc.
Rollover 401k to IRA, Does employment status matter?
Roth IRA index fund investment options?
6 years ago I paid off my credit card but apparently they sold my debt to a collector at the same time. How do I fix this?
I claimed someone as a dependent on my taxes who also got claimed by someone else. Should I file an amended return?
Better to max out 401k before contributing the ROTH IRA? or not?
Best online banking for me? Kind of confused about it, how do you get your money inside them?
Itemize myself or hire a tax professional?
What happens when I file bankruptcy in canada?
Is it advisable to have both a company 401(k) and a Roth IRA?
Guide to choose a Roth IRA ?
My wife and I have a $4500 tax bill this year. Any advice on how to avoid his going into next year?
Meeting an insurance broker in an hour, what should I ask/verify?
Penalty for over-reporting Roth IRA contributions?
Friend of mine hasn't filed in 3 years. Is he in trouble?
I didn't file income taxes a decade ago... What's the probability that I'll get in legal trouble?
Why are used cars so expensive?
Would It Be Wiser for Me to Rent or Buy a Home?
Fidelity has put together a brief overview of what myRA will look like. Thoughts?
Can I get a tax refund?
Am I able to afford to buy my first home? Or should I continue renting?
Any advice on how to convince the mortgage company to recast my mortgage?
what should i pay off 1st?, my credit card debt or my student Loans?
Father Passed away - Some personal finance questions?
Paying off debts vs. making sizable payments?
Retirement question: employer contributions to a defined retirement plan and a 403b are different. Why?
What if I can't predict my MAGI re Roth or Traditional IRA contributions?
Can someone answer my question I posted in autos about financing? (x post)
Budget Critique - Should we move?
How to prove mattress money for mortgage?
50% Income?
At 12.35% APR on my CC, should I bother negotiating a lower interest rate?
How to gain Credit?
Should I apply for a credit card that is recommended to me by Credit Karma to increase my score?
Am I a crazy idiot or is society oblivious? - Interest paid on mortgages (CA)
Using higher current coverage to lower future premium on car insurance?
Worth keeping small amount of debt before buying house?
Pay my auto loan or save?
Should I roll my previous employers 401k into a traditional IRA? (US)
401k and Roth IRA maxed-out. are there any other options for tax-free money growth?
Backdoor Roth conversion for previous year?
$70,000 in debt preventing me from being with the love of my life. Am I being Reasonable?
AMT Tax Carryover Credit - Skipping a Year?
Moving to US from AU for work, intending to return after a few years - what are my options?
Just found out mom has been getting robbed with auto insurance -- anything we can do to recoup?
Paid to freeze my credit before obtaining the police report. Is it possible to get a refund now that I have a case number?
Is it normal to have stuff on your credit report from your parents years ago?
How long until a late payment falls off my credit report?
Auto insurance premium increased over a month later because of lack of insurance score?
What would be considered an affordable mortgage for me?
500 dollars for a teenager how to invest?
Credit line on Chase credit card went up?
Should I have two secured credit cards at $300 each, or one at $600?
Resources for learning about personal finance?
Leftover tax refund to 2013 or 2014 IRA?
Credit score/0% utilization?
i have an alternative (erroneous) spelling of my name on my credit report. should i work to get it removed?
Selling my Honda but am still paying on it. How would this work?
Taking out a personal loan to pay off DOE student loans?
Put money in my Roth IRA while I save for a vehicle?
Pay off credit card or car loan?
Blown car engine, purchase options?
What is a reasonable credit card rate for someone with great credit and low debt?
Apartment cost vs renting a house. Don't know my budget yet because it depends on FA and student loans. Advice?
How to prepare for a future with a declining income?
Weird Financial Position via Public Service Loan Forgiveness, help?
Pay off student loans or invest?
ROTH IRA-- one time investment this year. Which ETFs?
About to graduate college, should I take the more financially responsible route or what will make me happy?
How do I talk to my parents about my inheritance?
Should I use my 2013 tax return to max out my 2013 Roth IRA contribution? If yes, do I need to refile?
Two questions about common law?
Tax season is here, which online service is best?
So, PF, what is your craziest non-necessary expense that you would get shot down here for listing on your budget but are still keeping ?
Student Loan Garnishment - What can I do?
Downside of a parent with a reverse mortgage?
Need a new job, don't even know where to begin or start... How did you guys do it?
My small business (in CA) is plummeting, and I can't crawl out of it. What now?
Recently became self-employed. Is there an online tool (like TurboTax) that would calculate my quarterly tax payments based on projected income for my single-person LLC?
23, got a new job, but my 401k options are looking grim. Should I not rollover my previous one?
Do pending transactions affect your credit score?
Practical advice for buying a used car?
this account scheduled to continue on record until Nov 2014?
Figuring out Credit Card, took a "2 year no interest" ended up in the form of a credit card, brought my Credit Score down. Thoughts?
Can my parents claim me as a dependent.. and how do I determine if I provided more than half my support?
Best company to start an IRA?
I may be selling my mother's house... What approach should I take with the money?
Best steps to take before settling credit card debt with collector?
Critique my boring portfolio?
I was being paid under the table for years so I put off paying my student loans from the government. Just discovered my Vantage score is 535. Im looking for apartments. I know its a slow process building it back up. How can I speed it up?
Can I open an online checking account without a social security number?
Stressing over health insurance budgeting. Why are the HSA plans I see more expensive?
Moving to US from AU for work, intending to return after a few years - what are my options?
23, not eligible for Roth IRA; go traditional or invest independently?
401k sitting for 2 years, what should I do with it?
Cash or no cash?
If i have bad credit from college mistakes over the past few years, but not have plenty of assets, should i still be able to get a loan?
Should I or shouldn't I?
Basic credit score question?
When I die what happens to my 401k and my debt?
Screwed up my tax return, filing an amended. Did I fill this last screen out right?
Quick question about declaring full time student on taxes, can anyone lend some insight?
Should I max my HSA for last year?
TurboTax refund went from +$400 to -$175 after logging out?
Need to Get Out of Debt But Don’t Know Where to Start? 5 Simple Steps to Get Started Right Now
Without including college careers, what type of job do you have and how does it work in managing your money?
I have received a form 1099-MISC, what state taxes do I pay?
Are "certified pre-owned" cars worth it? Confused because I can get a 5 year old car for 15k or I can buy a brand new one for 21k...
Buy a car new? With a warranty and no worrying about previous maintenance?
I just got a 1099 yesterday for $125 that I wasn't even aware of. I filed my taxes last week. Now what?
Pros/Cons of moving emergency savings to a money market mutual fund?
Wife has $100k loan debt from law school - would refinancing be our best option? Also, how do you buy a home with so much looming loan debt?
Should I use Equifax's "initiate online dispute" button on their webpage?
Credit Line Increase... to do or not to do???
How would I go about getting in on the bond issue Tesla is having?
Follow up to my previous post. "Should I buy a $43K Mustang?"
Getting married in August, advice?
Home insurance?
Should I start a Roth IRA if I plan to leave the country within ten years?
What banks or checking/savings accounts offer the best overdraft protection options?
Smart to use 529 funds toward downpayment on house?
Will turbotax be sufficient for me? Details inside. I'd really appreciate your help, I'm proud of myself this year and I want to do my best on taxes. Thanks!
If I use my visa card to send money through Western Union (or Moneygram) can I chargeback if the goods are not received?
Splitting child tax benefit? (Canada)
Should I take out a second mortgage?
Why are % gains/losses of .INX vs VFINX different?
Where do I start?
I have $67,000 that I won't be touching for two years while in MBA school. I've elected to take out loans and use it to buy a home afterward. How should I invest?
What to do with $67k: 1) pay for MBA school and avoid loans, or 2) take on loans and invest for two years, with the goal of buying a home afterward? Where to invest with risk averse spouse?
"Interest Charged to Standard Purchase"?
Family member put my name on a property - what are the repercussions?
How to jump start a IRA?
I'm in a good financial state, and I want to buy (or lease?) my first car. Advice, please.
What constitutes bad 401k options from an employer?
Is there any reason why I should make voluntary payments on my interest free student loan? (NZ)
Significant Other Was Laid Off Today... How Do We Handle This?
I want to buy a house one day. Where do I begin?
Refinance &amp; Take Equity From Home - Better to Stick With Current Bank or Shop Around? More Inside...
My parents haven't filed their tax forms yet and my FAFSA is due tomorrow, what do i do?
Sanity Check, please?
Just turned 18, trying to rent an apartment. How do I get a loan?
Why do storage companies not put their "real" price on their website?
Will co-signing a loan hurt the chances of getting a loan for myself in the near future?
Cash or no cash?
(22 m) Wise to try to get a loan for a motorcycle?
I completed IRS form W-4 accurately but my withholding is absurdly high anyway. What gives?
How do I start a budget when my income is not steady?
What is the benefit (if any) to buying a townhouse vs a real house?
401k check from previous employer. Past 60 days, what do i do?
My sister is a waitress and wants to be able to save money, any advice?
My website is just starting to pick up, at what income level should I form an S-Corp or LLC? Why?
Attack student loan debt or increase 401k contributions?
My website just started making good money, school me on the benefits of forming an S-Corp or LLC?
PI, two questions. 1) Do I need an emergency fund? 2) When do I stop hitting the student loans hard and move to building investments?
Is there any way to expedite a payment through Wells Fargo Bill Pay?
Getting rid of my BofA account because they don't have enough locations in my area to be worth the constant erroneous fees. What is a good nationwide/online credit union with high-yield checking/savings/CDs?
My W2 compensation is far higher than my actual wages, it is possible I could be able to deduct some of them somehow?
Is there a general consensus on how to factor charitable giving into a budget for someone who is not established in their finances?
Is this normal for a 401k deferral?
No debt, no credit... no problem?
Need student loan deferment help fast! "Prove eligibility for unemployment?"
Will my credit rating go down now I'm debt free?
Is co-signing one possible way to qualify for a mortgage under these circumstances?
Allocated spending app?
Working overseas - should I buy indexed funds here, knowing that I will move to another country in few years?
Recommendations on podcasts?
Where to stash a 100k?
Are 401k Contributions Subject to State Taxes?
pay off some cc debt with retirement funds?
Can I temporarily run a negative balance on my credit card?
I just paid off the last of my credit card debt. All I have left is student loans. Assuming a good payment history, how quickly can I expect to see my credit score improve?
Tapering PMI?
Vanguard LifeCycle Fund vs Individually picked funds in taxable portfolio?
Already making good progress, but trying to get out of debt faster. Advice? Guidance?
My job doesn't match my 401K until I hit my 2 year anniversary. I don't plan to here long. Should I set up my own retirement account and save on my own the side?
Does requesting a free credit report hurt my score?
Am I asking too much?
Will there be issues with my work 2040 fund if I move from the US to Canada?
Alright personal finance, what are your best or little known money saving techniques?
Question about building my savings or paying off my student loans quicker ?
Should I put more money in the IRA, or towards my loans, or towards my emergency fund?
Is this a bad idea? Attempting to utilize a credit card balance transfer to get a 0% loan for a year.
22 year old with a Roth IRA, 401(k), and soon a taxable account. What can I do to strengthen my portfolio? (x-post /r/portfolios)
Disabled Parent received loss wages/disability settlement. Currently on ss+medicare and in need general advice on handling finances while disabled, wow it affects services, etc. No idea who to call in Tampa FL area for general advisement on all aspects. Help?
First real job, starting 401k and HSA, what should I do??
[xpost from /r/frugal] Best way to cash out or use FSA or FSA-like medical expense account funds before they expire?
High School Senior - Tips On How to Graduate College w/ No Debt?
X-post from /r/FI - Is tackling debt first really the best strategy?
Why no 1099 from my brokerage account?
Big down payment for PMI avoidance or high interest account?
Data Breaches: Credit Monitoring v. Credit Freezing (or both?)
Zero yearly income, but a lot in savings. Can I build credit in any way?
Step-by-step, how do I contribute to a backdoor Roth IRA?
Follow Up, Now What?
Contributing 10% of income to company 401k - Do I really need to fund a Roth IRA too?
How much do you plan to need to retire?
I have an account in collection. It will be removed from my credit report in two years. Should I pay it off or just wait until it's removed?
Purchasing Apt. Buildings (US): good or horrible idea?
New Role, No 401k Options, Advice?
Finance Newbie. Max out 401k and Roth IRA? 529? No company matching. Lots of savings, have a Betterment account. Might buy more company stock.
Can/Should I set up a 529 account for my fiancee?
Trying to save for a house. What are my best savings options?
My gas bill seems extremely high. Can anyone advise a newly married couple?
58 year old mother is unable to work due to all of her health issues. What are her options?
How much credit limit should I have?
How do you personally go about balancing the risk of your career vs. your investments and position in life?
How can I calculate real return on money invested yearly?
Free federal tax return with 1099-B?
What do you use to determine Cost of Living differences when moving for a job?
How do I go about shopping for a personal finance advisor?
I'm 18 years old, have $31K sitting in my savings account, and am making $2K-$5K a week. The thing is, that income may drop to 0 at any point and i'll begin to make like $10/hr, so the traditional advice may not be sufficient. What should I do?
Payoff Student loans?
Anything to do before signing up for a new checking?
Is it smart to open a new credit card that will have lower apr and 0 apr on balance transfers and purchases for 15mos?
How do I find out how much car insurance will cost me before I buy a car?
I opened a box of books I didn't order by one of those trick companies. Now I have to pay for them. Can I fight it?
Dear PF, What is your Cost to Income ratio?
Will have future medical expense what should I pay off first?
is turbo tax right for me? a lot of changes this year...
Which is better for an adult in their mid-20s to do Finance Or Lease a car?
Should I go to veterinary school?
How do I make a financed purchase work in my favor credit-wise?
Is a student Euro-trip worth it?
Which free Credit Card is the best?
How can I invest for income? I have 401(k) and Roth IRA for retirement, but would like to also invest for eventual income for the present.
May or may not be eligible for an IRA this year, if I contribute and end up ineligible, what happens?
Pay down an open credit card or pay off a closed one?
Should I work full time to pay off my car this summer or take a couple college classes while working part time?
Air Miles or Money Back for Credit Cards? (CA)
Can I afford to move out of my parents house?
Remove my name from a maxed-out credit card or keep it for the history length?
I'll have to do my taxes myself for the first time next year. What should I do now to prepare?
Starting first job soon. Can I contribute full Roth IRA amount?
How to read a prospectus? Things to look for, etc.
What credit card should I get?
Should we pay off mountain of school debt or small mortgage?
Going to give girlfriend a card on my AmEx account, will her credit score benefit too?
Best day-to-day credit card for a beginner?
Drawbacks to Vanguard Target Retirement Funds for Roth IRA/401k?
Do 401k contributions have to come from payroll?
What percentage of my yearly income should I be spending on rent?
What to do with a $40,000 deferred compensation payoff? Is there a good way to avoid (some of) the taxes on it?
Ex-employer sent me pension plan options. What to do? (US)
What to do with a $40,000 deferred compensation payoff? Is there a good way to avoid (some of) the taxes on it?
Which loans to attack?
What is the best way to begin establishing credit as a college student with little income from seasonal jobs?
Should I lower contributions to my 401k to pay off loans?
I think I finally get it, only am I too late?
If I want to switch some of my vanguard target date funds to admiral share funds, where do I start?
Due to my credit history, my fiance's credit union won't let him add me onto his account. Options?
Is two million really enough to retire indefinitely on?
Contributing after-tax money to 403b?
New to this- Mint.com wont add student loans?
Pros and Cons to buying a new car?
How do you determine what is a good emergency fund balance?
For those who went extreme to get out of debt and build up savings - share your success story and tell me at what point you 'let up' on yourself and starting buying unnecessary stuff 'guilt' free?
being denied higher credit limits and good credit cards - how do i fix this?
Should I use the 1040ez?
The house i'm renting is crawling with mice for the 2nd time in the space of 2 months, how do i terminate my contract? Please Help. (UK)
I have 0 as a credit score. What to do?
How much interest on a mortgage is tax deductible?
How to make my own money inaccessible to myself?
How do you budget when part of your income is from monthly bonuses?
Which of these scenarios would have the most immediate &amp; positive impact on credit score?
Father passed, questionable uncle in charge of his finances. How should I approach?
How do-able is this? (UK)
Received notice of levy on bank account from WI DOR, how to proceed?
What are some other great personal finance forums?
I impulsed got a Paypal Extras MasterCard Platinum and it blows. Should I cancel?
Can someone tell me if these would be a terrible deal?
Moved in and never switched the gas bill to my name. It's been 9 months. The bill comes to my place in somebody else's name so I don't open it. They never shut it off. What am I liable for?
My parents are under huge debt, is there any way to get out? (CA)
Where do you draw the line between financially wise and cheap?
University of the People is a tuition-free online-college that's also accredited. Could I defer student loans by enrolling there?
What is a good credit card for someone who has no credit?
Auto loans, should I go to the dealer and let them find me a lender. Or should I contact lenders myself and go to a dealership with a check in hand?
What can I do with my 401k after I quit my job?
$2k accidental death insurancecoverage from Credit union for F.R.E.E., signup?
University student organization continues to use debit card in my name that is linked to organization bank account after I was replaced as treasurer. Could this be unsafe for me in any way?
Car troubles. Repair or Investigate other options?
Credit Score - Should I try to limit my use of my card? Or use it more? (Fully paying it off)
Quitting a job I can't stand with no for sure job lined up. Will I be OK?
24 years old, just graduated from university and have a job lined up. Can I afford to spend 24k on a car?
How can I keep saving for retirement with only overseas income?
Should I transfer balance to Chase Slate?
Maxed out 2014 traditional IRA contributions, want to switch it to a Roth IRA. Can this be done?
Want to buy a used car. Boost credit score by paying debt or credit cards? Is paying debt even worth it?
Should I work during university and pay it off before I finish? (AU)
Hey r/personalfinance, should I payoff my car loan or keep $$ in savings??
Should I sell my Rubles now or wait (RU)?
Individual emergency fund for pets?
Have you ever financially undersold yourself? What was the outcome? (previously posted on askreddit but I thought it was more appropriate here)
Filing US/German Taxes for 2013 - Is it worth to pay for professional assistance?
If HR 3892 passes, what loan amount would be worth filing bankruptcy for? [x-post from r/StudentLoans]
401k plan changing providers. Best choice for high ER options?
Just Married - Opening joint savings account. Offer from Chase - But what is better? Info within
Modest income, no debt, terrible credit. Will I be able to rent an apartment without a cosigner?
Which builds credit faster, 1 secured CC w/a $1k limit or 2 sec CCs with a $500 limit each? Provided no more than 30% is utilized and paid off in full each month.
Legal and/or financial consequences of a domestic partnership?
I've never been in a job where I am paid a commission...I've always been salaried. I'd like to try something in sales but have no formal experience. Where can I start as a 37 year old mid-career?
How can I protect my identity after I filled an application for an apartment?
[Arizona] Wife's Federal Refund Had Treasury Offset for Student Loans - Can I File Injured Spouse Form?
Emergency fund vs. Paying off low-interest debt?
Help in deciding if I should change jobs?
I'm being evicted and my only option is to move out of state. How can I (legally) come up with funds quickly to make this transition as painless as possible?
Motif Investing? Have you heard of it? Does it look good for a rookie investor?
Anyone else holding on their Roth IRA Contribution for 2014?
Pay my car? Open Roth IRA? idk what I'm doing.
Has anyone received their Tax Return via Turbotax recently?
I have a student loan serviced by Nelnet, I am interested in getting transaction level detail to track the interest accrual and understand it at a deeper level. Is this reasonable to request?
Will negotiating my hospital co-pay effect my credit?
College Student with debt and no credit history looking to get a credit card...What should I do?
Should I get a credit card to improve my credit score?
401(k) and IRA mutually exclusive?
Number of NY withholding allowances?
Refund taking over a month to get to me, anyone else having this problem?
I just gave away my social security number to what I discovered to be an employment scammer, what actions can I take now to prevent fraud?
Can I deposit and withdraw funds from a college savings plan in the same year and claim the state tax deduction?
Will my IRA be tax deductible? A bit confused here...
Major life change, budget change, what am I missing?
Best way to keep emergency fund accessible but growing?
How much will we need to retire?
house-buying planning...better to take a $5K windfall and pay down a car loan or add to deposit savings?
Graduating in May, should I sell inherited stock to pay off my student loans?
Lincoln Financial Group pre-tax variable annuity question?
Investing in own company's fund or Vanguard?
Who is your home loan with? Who should be avoided at all costs?
At what point do cars start breaking down?
Best CC to build credit?
tax shelters?
Is this voicemail a scam or am I about to get served something? (I'm in WA state)
I need to be a grown up! Is it better to go to a dealership and get financed through them or go through a private party and get a loan from a bank? Big girl decisions here!
Financial planning software?
College Savings Options?
[US] What should I be focusing on?
I'm 25, rollover 403(b) to Roth IRA?
What's the best credit card for a commuter?
How would I make the best out of the worst decision I've ever made? (Buying a horribly financed car) (xpost-FinancialAdvice)
What are the differences between a charge card and credit card? Pros and cons of both?
Is Alimony still a thing?
Do you include student loan payments in your emergency fund?
What would happen if the bank you had a mortgage with went into administration? Is it possible?
Given the Principal, Yearly percentage interest rate, and term of loan in months, how do I calculate the monthly payment, the sum of all payments, and total interest paid?
Behind in retirement savings....should focus be on retirement or paying off student loans?
Help with Backdoor Roth?
When to close a credit card?
401k account showing up as vested before it should be. What to do?
If I max my 401K can I still contribute to the Roth?
How to use multiple credit cards?
Did some side work as an independent contractor last year. Supposedly I can offset some of the double SS/Medicare tax through income tax provisions?
Roth TSA or save to start Roth IRA?
Non-European Redditors of /r/personalfinance: Have you ever vacationed in Europe? How did you budget for it?
26yo, 50k in a checking account and no savings- advice for a low maintenance investment strategy?
Starting out with a financial advisor, he recommends income protection insurance. Does anyone here have this?
&gt;$100k in home equity. What should I do with it?
Increase student loan payment and lower 401(k) contribution?
Buy car with savings or loan?
Should I go back to school or would that just be throwing money away?
Safe to give routing &amp; account # for wire transfer?
Building a financial future as a medical student?
Have any of you left your jobs for lower paying job for non professional reasons?
I currently have $21,000, separate from my personal savings, just sitting in a ING Direct high-yield Savings Account. What should I do with this money to make the most out of it, and have the least risk?
Young couple living in a high tax area, eventually settling in low tax area, trad IRA best?
19yr old, Just got 8.5k. What do I do now?
Taking out a loan, or balance transfer on a credit card?
What should a 22 year old with no debt be saving for?
Any way to get a monthly subscription to your 3 bureau credit report/score?
Should I take a Co-op?
Opinions on Sallie Mae Mastercard?
How should I allocate my inheritance?
Am I committing fraud? Many poor life choices contained within... (CA)
I'm 28, How should I balance my contributions?
401k fees?
Basic question re: Interpreting dividends and interest rate for savings account (Credit Union)...Can I just add the two numbers together?
Can someone explain the rule of thumb that states that you should only spend 30% of your income on rent?
Pay off credit card with tax return?
What is my best option for a private education loan?
So what's next step for our finances?
Someone Is Using My Social Security Number! What Do I Do Now?
I don't know when my loans went?
Sold my car in 2013. Do I need to claim this on my income tax? British Columbia, Canada
Using HELOC to pay off Mortgage on Investment Property, Good Idea?
Can you negotiate on salary for a government job?
Will Vanguard prevent me from contributing to Roth IRA if income is over the limit?
I am teaching English abroad- should I open a ROTH IRA or keep my UTMA?
If I exchange my Vanguard Target Retirement funds to another Vanguard Target Retirement fund, will there be any tax consequences?
So I opened up a (traditional) IRA, and placed funds in it... now what?
60 days late on a student loan, can I get this off my credit?
Personal loan or refinance mortgage? (CA)
Convert my Traditional IRA to a Roth? (US)
How much is 95k in NYC?
401K Invest in only one fund?
Long Commute Vechicle Options?
Long Commute Vehicle Options?
Buying a new laptop...could financing help credit report?
Does anyone have income limits for different things collected into one source?
Should I have this many credit cards if they aren't used?
Roth vs. Traditional IRA for one income family?
Severance pay..... or try for unemployment benefits? Details inside.
Can we afford to purchase a $1.5M home (SoCal; stats inside)?
About 6 years ago I made a sole proprietorship LLC and had a loss my first year, I haven't used it since. Is it still usable?
I messed up my credit. How best to fix it?
Which address should use for my newly recovered stocks? The one on my license or the one I actually live at daily?
Buying a new car. Manufacturer offers 1.9% interest. Should I take it?
What should I do with my money until I graduate? (Will be in college for two more years)
Buying second and third income properties, should I create a holding company for liability and tax purposes?
Canadian accountants of reddit: can i withdraw money from a TSFA without incurring a penalty?
How much money to keep in checking account?
Bought an electric car. Got $7,500 back from IRS. Pay down on loan or invest and let it grow first?
Car is about to get repossessed, what are my options?
In Mint.com, should I put student loans as a 'spending' category in my budget, or as a goal?
College classes most helpful with finance?
Have a large lump of cash and not sure what do with it. Should we put it into the house? Please help
Just got my first real job. Want to clean up years of past financial mistakes and become an actual adult – and buy my (attainable) dream car. Wanna help?
My gf has been threatened with a demotion at work, unrelated to her performance. Does she still qualify for unemployment if she quits rather than accepts the demotion?
Not sure if this is the right subreddit but, should I get a lawyer when buying a house?
Is there any reason I should change my Discover More card to an It card?
Can you please help me understand my credit score/credit cards? 690-CreditKarma
21F: My boyfriend (26M) has $75k+ in student loans. If in the future we were to get married, would his debt legally become mine after marriage, or would it remain legally only his?
Was just paid a decent lump sum from ex-employer in an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. What do I do?
Outstanding debt to college - smart way to pay it off and find who owns it?
How Do I Car?
Suggested reading on setting up a trust for my Dad's farm and small business?
Enrolling in autopay on My Great Lakes. Which one will help me pay it off faster?
What would you do if you had 30k in a savings account? (Advice needed!)
What do I do if I maxed out my Roth IRA if I had just filed and sent in my taxes a few weeks ago?
Anyone have experience with Carmax?
401K Recommendations?
Have I ruined my chances for unemployment?
did i just stumble onto a loophole?
IRA providers? Online or brick and mortar?
How do you estimate how much you need yearly in retirement?
Will I be approved for a CC?
Change Roth IRA providers?
Small debt then big debt or vice versa? Maximizing a modest income toward paying debt while improving credit.
Canada: When offered an increase in available credit, is it advantageous to accept it, even though I plan (as always) to pay my cards off in full monthly?
Self-Directed 401K funds to purchase real estate?
am i being paranoid?
What are some other investing opportunities should I look into?
What ways have you found to earn more money?
First meeting with a financial advisor today. Any tips or things to look out for?
Should I use extra money for a "buffer" or should I pay off some line of credit?
Marriage timing and taxes?
When should I sell my stock?
Anyone participating in the new myRA program? (USA)
I want to make a goal of financial and personal freedom. How do I get there?
Consolidate, or cherry-pick?
Who to discuss credit report with?
Cash Balance Retirement Plan from old employer, what do I do?
When to pay off 401k loan? Time the market?
Looking for input -- How am I doing?
How to most effectively use my two credit cards to build credit?
Help! I have money in Ohio PERS account from two jobs I worked in college. What should I do with it?
Explain like I'm 5: What happens to my retirement savings when I quit a job?
If I can afford it, is it a good idea to buy a house BEFORE getting married?
What is your best advice to an 18 year old looking to invest about $5000?
How did I just get approved for a Capital One Quicksilver?
Received a letter from an attorney on a delinquent account, what do I do?
Discover CC - Boosting your Initial Credit Limit after approval?
Advice Wanted. How do I begin investing in Index funds?
What does "Effective Tax Rate" mean?
Any good books on personal finance from an Indian Perspective? (India)
What should an emergency fund cover? (US)
My engine light went on. If the worse happens, what do you think interest would be with a 615 score?
How do i improve my credit? I'm having some issues.
Taxes owed when filing three W2s. Help?
How to negotiate a salary?
Had to move for my job and am renting, while "owning" and expensive, underwater house. Who should I talk to?
In the process of making a simple will. What kind of account can minor childrens' life insurance money be put into?
What are some of the biggest tax loopholes in the US tax code?
What do do with a bonus?
Investment Property Ownership Calculator?
Start contributing to an IRA to avoid owing taxes this year? Or continue to focus on student loans?
Why should I have a savings account?
Why can't today's older generation afford to retire, and what can we do to avoid their mistakes?
Medical Bill was sent to collectors - What do I do?
With interest rates going down on student loans, how can I, a graduate, lower my interest on my current student loans?
Inherited ~400k + House w/ ~40k in equity and ~70k left on the note. Still have 120k on my mortgage. How would you guys approach this?
Any podcast you guys recommend?
Why do hard inquiries hurt credit scores?
Looking to move out of state, how much should I save?
Which credit score should I check?
Applying for a mortgage in 4 months - Apply for another credit card now or wait?
Questions about Work/Life Happiness/and Financial Future?
Does it matter which shares are in a Roth IRA and which are in a 401k?
Pay off vehicle loan or not?
what's the best way to rebuild credit?
Should I be contributing to my company stock purchase plan?
Need advice: How to help my overly generous grandmother to manage her charitable giving?
Big job change, big salary jump, big benefits drop. Can you help re-plan my financial life?
Is there a reason to keep my online HSBC savings account?
How much do you pay your accountant? (CA)
Is debt for education a bad idea? (CA)
Why open a savings account when i have a brokerage account?
How should I approach my student loan situation?
I don't know what to do about my financial/career future?
What's my best course of action with my secured credit card?
Does anyone really balance their checkbook anymore?
What should we do with our surplus in income?
(UK) Trust fund in 0.5% interest account, what can I do?
For those of you that have a side business, how did you get started?
Am I just screwed until 2018?
I have some money saved, but should I spend it or never touch it?
24 - saved since 16 - all money in bank account - what's next?
I am 26, have 55k in a checking account and have an 80k mortgage at 3.62% rate. Where do I go from here?
What are some of the biggest tax loopholes in the US tax code?
I hate my current job but my new job offer is a 25% drop in salary. Is it worth it?
Mini-retirements... best saving/investing strategy in these circumstances?
Should my savings for 2015 ira contributions be invested before I can officially contribute them?
What is the best/quickest way to get incorrect or negative items removed from your credit report?
What to pay off first?
Highest Interest or Lowest Balance: Which to Pay First?
23 Years Old getting Married. I have surplus. How do I start and what shoudl I consider for my age?
What should I do with this money?
Are you afraid of your job being automated during your lifetime? Why or why not?
Just paid off all of my credit card debt, what now?
How do dividends get reinvested?
Take subsidized loans if I don't need them?
Baby coming, what should I prepare for, financially speaking?
Company wanting to switch from hourly to Salary, is my concern legit?
Keep 2015 Roth contribution savings in cash or invest, withdraw then contribute in January?
How is this compounded interest calculated?
Collection Agency has a different value for a delinquent account than annualcreditreport.com does. What do I do?
What series EE bonds should I cash first?
From $30,000 to $150,000. What steps should I take first? **Canada**
I'm 26 years old (USA), where do I go from here?
Does anyone here do a cash-only budget (i.e., no credit cards?)
Guidelines for PMI deletion?
Why would buying individual stocks not be good for long-term investment?
Pay cash for house, or get loan and invest the money?
Which of the following two career path scenarios would you pick?
Am I on the right track for retirement?
I suck at saving money. I make 53k a year yet still live paycheck to paycheck. What kind of account should I open that's not associated with my bank account?
Contributing to 401K to reduce taxes - is this a good idea?
I would like to rent out my basement for extra income. Any advice?
Help my girlfriend? [Credit score related]
401k Withdrawal?
Inheritance at 18- where to begin?
Save For a Cheap House? Continue Contributing to Retirement? What Should I Consider?
Two years of emergency fund too much?
Moving in with Girlfriend - how to finance?
Is there any point to non-deductible traditional IRA?
Can I afford this house?
Defined benefit pension: Does this change my planning?
Advice: $12k from side work coming in, emergency fund is flush, contributed to (but not maxed) IRA, what next?
Should I pay off my student loan or keep my emergency fund?
Sent a validation letter, received 2/8. It's now 3/8. What's my next course of action?
Pay off all student loans Day -1 or invest?
I opened a Vanguard Roth IRA. Now what?
Balance Transfer vs 0% purchase?
Does it make sense to keep an HSA bond-free as long as possible?
Still in college, but I accepted a job offer and started last week. Should I put everything towards student loans? [U.S.]
How do you repair bad credit?
Drop 6-month Emergency fund to payoff debt? Young with great income and ~frugal lifestyle
How to handle credit cards in budget?
My mom and I are handling my grandma's finances now, she has mutual funds. Do we need someone to manage them?
Legitimately considering living out of my car for ~2 years. Advice?
No significant planned expenses in the immediate future. How much of my surplus income should I save?
What are the effects of the late payment notice that I just received? My loan payment isn't actually late, but I want to make sure to cover all bases when I talk with the bank on Monday.
Just got a big payout. What should I do with it ? (EU)
Recently acquired 500,000 euros. What do I do with it ??? (EU)
[USA, PA] What to do with money from Co-Op job?
On average, how much of their income do Americans spend on breakfast foods?
Can my company pay my student loans?
Should I max my 401k? Or enjoy my younger years? Evaluate my PF status please
Best State to live in if you are a US citizen, work abroad and pay taxes both in US and in the country you are currently living in?
How are you intending to pay for retirement? (ie: all personal savings, pensions, inheritance...)
What type of loan do I need?
Anyone ever pay their rent/mortgage twice in one month?
Cosigner for apartment is asked for "Proof of Income" but is self employed, what to provide?
Transunion lost 7 years of my file?
What % of my credit card balance should I keep to rais my credit?
Just for fun: You just won $5,000,000! What do you do with the money?
Invest in condo for vacation rental?
Best return for a savings account?
If I don't use my card, will they cancel it?
When do deductions for benefits start?
Get new cc without hurting credit score?
401k or extra mortgage payment?
Up my HSA contributions or my 401(k) contributions?
How do I get the biggest tax refund?
Lot's of medical debt! I'm young, no plans on buying/financing a home or car any time soon (3 + years) should I pay them?
Putting surplus money in taxable account vs. Retirement?
0 I'm stuck in a rut, AR. How do I utilize federal &amp; state loans &amp; services to help move my family out of my horrible in-laws' until we get back on our feet?
Is it a good idea to get a credit hard which I'll rarely use just to establish a credit history?
Moving towards managing my own 401k - advice on picking investment options?
Financial tips for a (soon to be) college grad?
60K in my savings account and no idea what to do with it, critique my finances?
Just bought a house - what will this do to my credit?
Question about credit cards and paying them off?
22 y/o currently just dumping money in Vanguard 80/20 fund and company DSPP, should I do anything different?
Question about tax brackets and smart long-term investing. Is a pre-tax 401k or IRA worth it in the long run with my meager salary for a 23yo earning 31k a year?
Should I accept help from a family member to buy a house in which I can take on renters?
Pay down credit card to acceptable level before statement?
Hey r/personalfinance, imagine that I'm you when you were 19 and just starting out--what do you tell me?
Should you re-allocate lazy portfolios based on age?
I have a Chase Sapphire Preferred and my autopay didn't seem to work. Also how can I check if I have gained any interest?
Does anyone become discouraged by other people's financial situation?
Is it a bad idea for me to purchase a brand-new car? (24 yo)
Will financing a car now hurt my ability to get a mortgage later in the year if I pay off the balance before applying for the mortgage?
Will late 2013 Roth IRA contribution impact my tax return?
Who do you bank with?
Is there a calculator that will tell me this info?
If I get a student credit card and treat it just like a debit card paying my balance in full at the end of the month will there be any extra fees?
Paying off credit cards, which one first?
19 year old in a bit of a money slump.. Ideas?
Turning 35, never had a budget, scared and I don't know where to start, advice?
Why is average graduate starting salary higher in the USA than UK?
Should I ask for a credit limit increase or apply for a new credit card?
Heading to med school for free. With $127k in savings, does it make sense to buy a $40k house with cash?
What happens when your cost of living exceeds you salary?
Can we afford this apartment? Or any apartment really?
Am I being taxed too much?
Question about credit score?
Should I move back home with my mom?
35k sitting in savings, what should I do?
Overestimating Long Term Return of the Stock Market?
Mortgage Match Program - Could This Disqualify Me?
Is there a sub like this that is a little more relevant to Australians?
What tax advantages do ETFs hold over Mutual Funds?
Reddit, can you help wit personal finance advice?
American living overseas and haven't filed US tax returns in 15 years: how can I get right with the IRS?
If I have a balance of $500 on a cc past 30 days, which will be cheaper?
Critical Illness Insurance in Canada... should I get it... or invest that money instead?
How do I buy a (used) car?
(Almost a) young professional - how can I help out my family?
Anyone ever heard of First Source Advantage? I can't find contact info for this collection agency.
Paying off some of my credit cards! Should I close these accounts?
25yo w/ good income recently bought a house, got married, and in lots of debt. Advice?
Say I have to prepare to be audited. What bills, receipts, etc. do I need to keep on hand and for how long should I keep them readily available? (CA)
Apply For Credit Limit Increase or Wait Until After Car Refinance?
Living overseas for 1 year and have 20K in a US savings account. Is there a better way to invest or get interest on it?
Selling an old car to buy a new one?
The market warnings are rising it seems. Is it time to park the 401K?
A rent out a room in my house. Last summer I replaced my roof. Can I deduct a portion of the cost like I do with utilities, etc.?
can i pay multiple payments per month without penalty?
What is a good way to find an income tax professional (US)?
Is this the best way for me to shop for insurance? (spreadsheet included)
Current grad student with extra cash in hand - should I put some in my 401k?
I'm trying to move into my first apartment, but I'm being denied utility services left and right because of my credit? I have no credit history. How could it be bad?
What happens to your loans and debts when you die?
Stick with IT or go back to trades?
Tips/advice for a first-time credit card applicant?
First time home buyer, starting the process now. Any tips, tricks, or recommended reading?
Which debt should I pay off first?
Can I increase my credit score more quickly if I use my credit card and pay off in full multiple times per month?
Does anyone have a debt break-even calculator or template?
Closing an Inherited IRA. Should I withhold tax, or keep in an account till year end?
What to do after emergency fund?
Pay off a portion of a home loan or invest?
How much of your income should go to rent?
If I am renting a room in my house and itemizing personal deductions, can I keep all the mortgage interest and tax deductions on Schedule A?
Is there a reason why I can't seem to get approved for a credit card despite having a "good" credit score? Looking to transfer balance...
Should I report cashed bonds on my taxes?
Should I keep the credit cards I don't use?
Does anyone else maintain a 5-10 year projection spreadsheet with their current budget?
What's your too high to buy right away line?
Should I do something with my taxable investments?
How to find car wholesale prices?
I was a contractor for a business that went bankrupt and won't be sending 1099s. What does this mean for my taxes?
Could I get PF's opinion on my recent credit denial?
What's better for my FICO score: paying off student loan interest or reducing the borrowed amount?
Is it better to hold tax-inefficient investments in tax-deferred versus tax-free accounts?
Credit Karma is telling me that my score is low because my utilization is too high...is it as simple as this?
Buying a house and renting out half while you're young? Smart?
I just got a 'real' job, and went from counting pennies to the last 5 years to having a nice income. I haven't got a clue what to do. Help me PF? (AU)
I have no bank debts and was reported to ChexSystems. What other reasons can a person be reported there?
My boyfriend is thinking of opening a Santander "Sphere" card. Does anyone on here have this credit card?
Does it make sense to get a cc I won't even use to boost credit score?
What is a checking account? Can I save future money by building a good credit?
Will cosigning improve my credit score?
Help me think through repairing my truck or buying a different one?
My credit score just dipped 46 points in a couple of weeks. Where should I start?
Does anyone have any good ideas value ETFs to invest in for long term purposes in this bull market?
Concerned about Capital One 360 login PIN ?!!
Backdoor Roth - Chunk by Chunk or All at Once?
Is applying student loans toward an auto loan a good idea or a bad idea?
Roth 401k Investments?
Is the bull run over?
Should I take out a secured credit card?
Are You Using These Excuses?- 5 Budgeting Excuses and How You Can Overcome Them
Almost certainly owe more taxes for 2013, what are our options? Summary inside, thank you.
Is it ok to save for a down payment even though we have a good chunk of student loans?
Does credit card utilization matter if you pay the entire balance off by the end of the billing cycle?
I've got $40k to my name...a failing photography business...no one will hire me because I haven't worked a job lately...and I'm afraid I'm going to burn through the money. I also have a wife and two kids. Best course of action? (x-post r/advice)
If you could ask a financial planner only 3 questions, what would they be?
Am I ready to open a Roth IRA?
Trying to buy health insurance for me and my wife using Healthcare.gov. On what planet is this "affordable"?
Does inherited house count as community property?
Does it make financial sense to register with a 3rd party like SoFi?
Is it stupid to intentionally take a couple months of unemployment earlyish in ones career?
All my financial and personal information, plus my checkbook, just got blown all over the highway. I've notified my bank, got new account numbers, and put a freeze on my credit, what else do I do?
Maxing out HSA?
Tax question: if I lend 1000$ to a friend and he pays it back, do we owe income tax?
Walmart accidentally refunded my card and also gave me a gift card for a returned item. Do I have to return the refunded money?
Purchasing investment property with no down payment?
Landlord acting shady, changed the length of the lease 24 hours before we had to sign it. Anything we can do?
Grad student with some savings but more student loans, where should I put my money?
What do we do?
Secured CC w/ Rewards for Business Expenses?
Sharing Personal Financial Planning and/or Budgeting Excel Template -- What does Reddit think? (Detailed Post)
Just decided I'm going with Roth IRA, now I found out there are different kinds? So many decisions....help!
I'm 17, have a minimum wage job, and live with my parents. What's the smartest way to invest my money?
Input on tackling my debt?
I'm making a lot of yen but the exchange rates are terrible and savings account have low or no interest rates here. How can I make more money?
New job - how much should I be saving?
I got approved for 15K on car loan..now what?
Can someone help me understand this transaction in my 401k?
Recently married, financial advisor or financial "guru"?
Lender charging me for homeowner's insurance because it was canceled somehow...?
Recommendations on an easy and free (or low cost) way to group source money?
If I know very little about investing, is there any reason not to buy into highly-ranked mutual funds?
Best way to tackle old debt?
Multi Currency Banking for US Citizens? Opening account in Singapore?
(AU) 19 years old. Just started full-time course at Uni. Working in retail 16/hr at a average of 12-16 hours a week. What can I do on the side to supplement my income?
What can I do with future down payment money?
Pay down debt or increase emergency fund?
Emergency fund and building interest?
CC company increased credit limit without me asking. Is this typical?
Applied for the Discover IT card. No Information Afterwards?
Using Roth as emergency fund?
Should you convert taxable investment to lower expense ratio funds? The answer might not always be "Yes!"
Credit Card Offer: $200 for spending $1500. Good idea or not?
Some debt is ok?
Is it better to finance a purchase or put aside like $150-200 a month and buy it when you have the whole amount?
How to allocate funds for a 401K?
Tax question - traditional IRA and tax deduction?
Has anyone chosen Health Savings Administrators over HSA Bank?
Should I try to refinance my student loan debt?
Is a Roth Ira a good tool for an 18 year old?
Looking to buy a house in the next 6 months, how much will a hard pull affect my credit score/mortgage?
Should I buy my first house?
What's your highest Credit Card limit?
Is there a better way to estimate how much term life insurance to purchase than just 10x salary?
Has anyone ever dealt with Tek-Collect collections agency?
I think I may have physically deposited a check that I already deposited electronically a couple of weeks ago. What happens now?
Multiple Checking Accounts affecting Credit Score??
New car?
Apparently I'm getting 2 hard inquiries every month. Who can be checking my credit without me knowing?
What do you do when you got a safety recall but you already replaced the part?
ELI5: EE Savings Bonds?
Roll my previous 401k into an IRA or my current 401k?
Is "personal equity banking" legit?
Could anything bad come from opening a 529 plan for someone without telling their parents?
Paid my two cards off, now want to increase limits.. Should I ask for both? (CA)
What are some general "rules of thumb" everyone should know when it comes to personal finance?
What is your (housing + transportation) to after-tax income ratio?
What things do you factor into net worth?
Every thread is filled with graduates, any book recommendations for noobs who have to take the Community College path?
CA - Young (23), Bad Credit and with my first solid full time job. Suggestions?
How could anything other than a flat rate mortgage be beneficial?
Hit my emergency fund goal! Now what?
Best way to help your kids buy a home?
Retirement planning - how do you regard Social Security?
To good to be true?
Hope its okay to ask this here... Why do so many people go to expensive private colleges instead of state schools?
Just found out I owe almost $12k in hospital bills, I have no credit score but I have a good job, is a loan the best solution?
Other than the future implications, is there anyway a carrying a balance on a currently 0% credit card can hurt you?
Should I check my credit score before applying for a credit card? If so, which score(s) should I check?
Just got my annual bonus of $4,000. Do I pay off a student loan and put the remainder in a Roth IRA or just dump it all in a Roth?
About to get a hefty insurance settlement from an accident that occurred in 2010. What can I do?
Contribute to Roth and traditional 401k?
Best way to set-up a family member mortgage to avoid taxes?
Fiancée and I thinking about buying a house (New Jersey)... Can someone help me understand relationships between property taxes and income taxes? I know homeowners get some tax advantages, but I'm having a hard time quantifying that when looking at houses.
19 years old, no income (at the moment), saving for study abroad - start a ROTH IRA?
Is a pay for delete smart in my case? And if so, can someone help me with it?
[USA] Applying for first credit card...any advice?
EIL5: difference between an annuity due an an ordinary annuity?
What should I change about my current strategy, allocation, and budget?
How much life insurance do you think we need?
Windfall - 401k or Roth IRA?
PF Newb question: Do I get charged interest on outstanding CC balances at the close date even if my last statement balance is $0?
(US) Parents gave us a loan but how do we pay them back now that they insist it is a gift?
50k in Vanguard Assets, Age: 26, what funds should my money be in?
Better to pay off old card in total or take settlement offer?
What happens to your brokerage account when you emigrate? (US)
What is the maximum I can withhold each year from my salary to my 401k?
$7k in debt and underemployed/unemployed all year, should I take on a loan to become a nurse in 2 years? (Canada)
Does Vanguard Target Retirement Fund require a mandatory monthly contribution?
I am attempting to move out of my boyfriend's parents house, but we don't make a great deal of money. Help?
Favorite/Best E-banking site?
receipt scanner/organizer phone app?
Need serious help on what to do?
How can a low-income person plan to buy a home?
I claimed too much on my tax form at my new job. Can I take it back?
Is there a recent overview of the various Brokerage Checking Accounts?
Any advice for an oblivious Army E-4 looking to buy a used car?
Is there anything governing how long an employer's previous 401(k) provider has to complete termination and transfer paperwork to new provider?
Minor with no shifts at part time job, forgot about gym membership. Overdraft on my account, what do?
Do any of you use GE Capital Bank? What is your experience with their savings account?
Should I fix my car or buy a different one?
Does it make sense to refinance? I can't wrap my head around it...Please help!
Can I still fund my Roth IRA after filing taxes?
I'm 21, and thinking of opening an IRA. How should I go about it?
FICO credit monitoring... any tips?
Advice on PLUG?
I've been having trouble establishing credit for myself with no prior credit history. What are some ways I can get started?
Do you-all sign up for lots of Rewarda credit cards? Seems like free money if you're responsible
I am about to live all expenses paid for a year. How should I invest during this time?
My wife and I will need to begin paying Estimated Taxes quarterly, how do we do this?
I want to invest in more fixed income assets, would someone here know how to help?
Best way to accumulate interest with savings?
Several accounts that are in collections are expected to be removed from my credit report this year. How will this affect my credit score?
Business owners of r/personalfinance, how do you invest?
22 and looking to move out... but how?!
Online resources for self-teaching business?
Balancing my budget and living more easily?
For Roth IRA's, is it smarter to do monthly contributions or a lump sum once a year?
Student in $18k Tuition Debt. What do I do?
Why is r/creditkarma in the sidebar?
Is there a difference between Roth and TAXABLE for retirees on lower incomes?
Considering to be a 1st time home buyer, any tips or advice?
Is there an app for CC amount/limit/cash back?
Can I get some more advice on a side bar topic?
Buying a rental property that you would not be able to afford, unless it was rented out... bad idea, obviously, right?
Financial Planners in Portland, Or?
Passive Investing: Vanguard 500 or USAA S&amp;P 500 Index Fund Member Shares (USSPX)?
If your debts disappear after 7 years, why pay them?
Millionaires of Reddit who keep good records, how did your net worth grow by year and age?
Since starting to be responsible with my personal finances, seems like I am eagerly waiting for my bills and oddly enjoy paying them sooner! Anybody else feel the same?
Accidentally overdrafted a Suntrust account, help with overdraft fees?
Do I pay original creditor or the new collector?
Is there a reputable credit counseling resource out there? Credit raising suggestions from from a friend seem to have backfired!
Application for projecting savings visually?
Advice for additional retirement saving?
Tax Return Risk?
Too keep the car or keep the car? That is the question.
Should I pay down interest or principal first on my student loans?
To keep the car or not keep the car? That is the question.
Is there any point to buying bonds for the long term?
What Can I Buy (with cash) That Will Hold Value?
Foreign earned income exclusion -- who knows anything about it?
Fully fund an IRA before starting a general brokerage account?
You have $800-1000 to invest every month, what do you do?
Should I rollover Trad IRA to my Roth IRA?
A 401k question: is the money gone when you quit or leave a job? If not then how do you get access to all that money you put into the fund while you were employed with the company?
Should I open a second credit card?
Keeping a credit card with annual fee?
Is it better to keep or close an annual fee card that's rarely used?
Why doesn't everyone freeze their credit? (identity theft protection question)
Looking to purchase house - Pay down current mortgage? Or put cash in savings account?
What are the first things you do to get started? Just starting managing my own money and I am very stressed. I keep thinking that I am going to screw up and be broke with bad credit forever...
Prepay mortgage or save up for investment?
What's the best rewards card?
ELI5: What are bonds?
18 with extra disposable income, Roth IRA? Which target date fund?
What is the best way to build credit when purchasing a car?
I (17/M) recently got a job. What is the best thing I can do with my money?
491? now what?
I'm 18, life dealt me a good hand, what do I do with it?
What does a mid twenty year old, American male need to know before getting a Roth IRA?
ELI5: What is Flexible Premium Variable Life Insurance? What should I do with it?
How can I get money for a house furnace fairly quickly?
Trying to understand index funds... can someone help me?
How much should salary increase for a worker? Wondering if my pay history is typical, trying to judge the future.
Writing off donation of time on taxes?
Crappy 401k fund choices -- Do lower fees make up for less diverse portfolios?
Retirement account...after a great year, should I move my funds or let them be?
paying off debt. close out credit cards?
We are a married couple thinking of buying a house. We have 68k in student loan debts and another 30k (in student loans) on the way? Any advice?
Credit card rewards: Cash or Gift Card?
Can't login anymore to my Bank Of America online account while over here in Europe. Help?
How should I invest an extra $2k/month?
What to pay off first?
Emergency Fund and 401k are established, now what?
Credit card options? (UK)
What Vanguard funds to invest in ? Need advice.
Confused: I'm 25, should I move out of my parents house?
What is an excellent way to invest my infant's money?
Does anyone know of a ebt time-table log?
Advice on paying off a zero interest loan balance - Is there any reason to pay it or not pay it off early?
Using a federal loan to pay off a private loan?
Opening a Trad IRA, already have 2 Roths and a 403b. Opinions?
Is it normal to have this much taken out of my paychecks?
My 401k has a new annual fee. Should I complain?
What skills/education would you buy with $800?
Should I invest in index funds if I want to buy a nice car and house in 10 years?
I'm a 20yo student with student loans but living at home. I have found myself with $6k. How can I make it grow both quickly and efficiently?
Can I Undo damage to my credit due to a late payment on a loan I cosigned?
How much money should I borrow to buy a car? (FR)
How do you pick a CPA?
Bad credit - secured credit card. Is there an amount that is more beneficial to help with my credit score?
Is rent negotiable? If so what is the best way to approach negotiations on a new apt/lease?
Moved out 12/31/2013 and the landlord is avoiding contact. I tried calling, voicemails, e-mail, text... It has been 3+ months and I want my security deposit. What do I do?
How can I find out if seamless.com is categorized as are restaurant according to my credit card?
Which is better for FICO: PIF'ing an account with a negative or leaving it open due to history?
Single military officer sitting on some cash; put it towards student loans, Roth TSP, or something else?
Which should I tackle first? Small loan of higher interest or bigger loan of lower interest?
But what about inflation?
Paying $575/month 1 bedrm apt rent (Canada), I and barely scraping by. Wise to move to $530/month 1 bdrm apt rent 15 mins away? Cost of moving?
How should I help my sister?
Moving expenses into the Corp. How can I get out of a 1yo auto loan so I can instead buy+drive a "company vehicle"?
How can I improve my budget? How much money should I be saving?
Can anyone peer into my new budget plan? Inputs please !
I'm going to try to work on a Python interface to YNAB to allow automating transaction entry. Anyone want to help? (x-post from r/ynab)
23, no debt, first well-paying job. Where do I start? [Canada]
Just opened a Vanguard Roth IRA, what now?
Work for myself, I currently do a max contribution for my IRA, can I also have a 401k?
Is this a valid HSA strategy?
Did I mess this up? Is there anyway to undo it?
Can I move funds within my Roth IRA with no fees?
My workplace offers a standard 403b and a Roth 403b. Let's say I want to start investing $400/mo into these accounts. How should I split my money up between them to benefit myself most when I retire?
How to calculate Tax deductions?
Best strategy to tackle debt and save for wedding? (Canada)
Why would anyone bother with non-Admiral Vanguard funds when the ETFs are available?
Debt and goals - how to find balance?
Large tax bill owing, I have options.... what's the best? (CA)
Is upgrading apartments a sound idea for me right now?
Can someone explain how this income tax situation is possible?
How to pick ETFs?
Bought a new car in summer 2011. What are the pros and cons of trading it in for a new one vs. running it to the ground?
Suitable amount of time for paying off an ex-girlfriend?
Is there any reason to not pay off a loan completely if possible?
Can I afford this apartment?
What would you do in my situation?
Should I pay off this four year old dept for what they say is $3,354.73?
Anybody have experience with personal loans?
Should I use $17K in savings for debt payments, or keep for downpayment on house?
$17k in savings, better to keep saving for house, or use to pay off all debts?
Should I cash out refi my house and invest it?
How to invest income from first internship?
I have $30K, and 38K in student loans what should I do?
[US] Roth IRA contributions and being a student; loophole?
Is there anything I should be doing with my tax information if I'm not working?
Where should I put my money for the short term?
Am I doing this right?
Missing OSAP Payments...can I still go back to school? (Canada)
How does an idiot move to a new state, rent his current house, buy or rent a new house and come out on top?
Has anyone here taken over their partner's finances? How did it turn out? Any regrets? Any tips?
Best way to go about selling my car?
Stay with the same bank for next mortgage, incentives, BOA?
Paying off loans, dropped credit score?
How much do you spend on auto insurance for a 'new' car? I think I'm getting ripped off?
Receiving around $200,000 Inheritance what to do?
I received a laptop as a gift from a client. I want to donate it to charity. What's the best way to handle this in terms of taxes? Does the laptop count as income? Can I write off the donation at retail value? [USA]
Quantitative easing reduction to affect retirement funds?
What is your advice on buying a used car?
22yo, recent college grad with no debt, advise for plan going foward?
What do you invest in?
19 year old college student with 1,000$ in refund from the school. What should I do with it?
If I am not applying for a loan next month, is there any downside to paying off my CC every week or so?
How should I split up my budget?
My wife is now a permanent resident of the US. Where do I start to financially prepare her for life in the US?
Joint Budgeting to Begin 1 Apr; any tips?
Anyone have similar experiences with Ally bank?
living abroad, but doing contract work for companies in the USA. Does that qualify for foreign earned Incomed exclusion?
Keep or cancel "no interest financing" credit card?
Adding a person to a credit card to boost their credit?
If I refinance student loans through SoFi.com, would my loans be discharged if I happen to die?
How often can you switch your student loan repayment plan?
How much rent can I afford?
Mid-20s, new to personal finance w/ both long term and short term goals. Am I allocating correctly?
Just to be certain, adding a credit card to increase on time payment will help build my credit?
Whole Life Insurance - Why does it suck?
$2k remaining on interest-free account, due in 3.5 months. I have the cash on hand. Go ahead and pay it?
About to get quoted for Life Insurance at 28, what to know?
Just found out I have 83 shares of Disney stock. What should I do with it?
How can I improve my credit?
If I can live off of 7% of my assets, does that mean I won't dip into my nest egg?
I need to transport numismatic coins and gold bullion across the country, what are my options?
I hope I'm misremembering, but is it TRUE that to defer Sallie Mae's private loans (due to economic forbearance), I'd have to "pay not to pay?"
Joint account: a way to bypass the gift tax?
Old employer is asking me to fill out a W-2 to receive a 1099. Is this correct?
Did I just screw myself out of state assistance?
Is it the right time to buy a house, or just convenient?
Maxed out Roth IRA. No Employer 401(k) available. What next?
Regarding IBR, are students able to stay "In Repayment" and continue making eligible payments while attending a funded graduate program?
About to make a lot of money with almost no cost of living.. what do I do with it?
What SHOULD I be doing?
Are my daughters annuity payments taxable?
OMG I have money now what do I do?
Investment property - pay off or mortgage?
How much to have left after buying first house?
[CA] 23 year old being added to mother's mortgage?
More loans or PT Job during college?
Foreclosure not reported on credit report. Should I be concerned?
Launching a start-up with outstanding student loans. Pros and cons? (and three other questions)
Signing up for a 401k for the first time, what is employee nondeductible mean?
Puerto Rican student loan resources? x-post with r/studentloans
Ideal percentage of my income for a car payment?
Does it ever make sense to "invest" in a Whole Life insurance policy and/or otherwise invest with a life insurance company?
Roth IRA vs. Roth 401-K - same beast, or separate?
buy or rent?
How far off your target allocation do you need to be to reallocate?
Owe tax bill this year--will opening an IRA help?
Buy a house or go to school debt-free?
Can we discuss wills? Or maybe living trusts?
Are savings accounts worth it anymore?
Do credit companies have insurance aginst debt lost in bankruptcies?
Should my girlfriend sign the lease?
Group Universal Life through employer vs. term life insurance?
[USA] Am I supposed to file a W-9 if I'm making pennies of interest on my savings account?
What should I do with all my stock options?
I have an excess $4,000 a month. How can I invest this amount? [asking because I read the FAQ but I'm more confused now]
Does opening new credit cards/closing current ones negatively affect my credit?
Do I need to file in states where I did not earn anything? (US)
I have a great job (2k€ pcm.) so my brain says but I hate it, I feel depressed (22 years GER). Help?!
Funding IRA Before 4/15?
I'm hesitant to contribute to my 401k for two reasons. 1. I don't make a lot and so I feel I need the money more now. 2. I am worried the economy will seriously crash and I'll lose a lot of the money, and I won't be able to access the fundst. Thoughts?
$32k/year salary, can I afford $820/month rent?
Does it make sense to switch cars?
How am I doing?
I just started a new job. 23 yr. old at 35K a year. My company offers no 401k matching and a high expense ratio. Options?
Unvested 401k Rollover?
Can I write my laptop off on my taxes?
[US] Just switched from being a W-9 employee at one firm to being a 1099 at another. How do I manage taxes?
Quicken or other PF software useful with irregular income?
When have you had to dip into your emergency fund?
Goodwill Letters to Creditors - Has this worked for anyone?
Mountain of debt, child support piling up, haven't filed taxes, I want to go to school... how do I start sorting this mess out???
(CA) First year of investing, what to give accountant?
Time for a ROTH IRA?
What do I do with my former company 401k? Also other related financial Q's. Help please!
How to check if FA is legit?
Charge from 401k normal?
Cons to opening too many credit cards?
As a teen should I invest through a custodial account, just have my parents buy stocks for me, or open a Roth IRA?
I think I won against a credit rating institution, now what? And by they way: It still shows on the report!
I'm using a Dave Ramsey style snowball elimination of debt plan. I have $12,000 right now. Do I pay off my car and be debt free except my house?
How should I allocate my 401K?
Is maxing 401k and Roth IRA enough for retirement? (24/NYC)
Has anyone dealt with ACT (account control technology?)
What's your favorite Credit Card rewards program?
$15k in savings, how can I best get this money to work for me?
How would a hard pull for a personal loan affect my apartment rental application?
As a teenager, am I allowed to deposit as much money as I want into my checking account without issues?
Can I use loans to postpone selling my investments and thus defer capital gains and avoid state capital gains?
Proposed strategy for next 12-15 months...Thoughts?
International travel advice?
Moving from LA to ATL, what should I do about my car situation?
Am I on the right track, what should I be doing in the future?
IRA or Roth IRA?
What comes next? What to do when 401(k) and IRA's are maxed.
Can anybody recommend a good property management software? (CA)
Total wage garnishment, can they just add up to 100% of wages or more?
IRA or Roth IRA for previously obtained tax-free life insurance payment?
Is it bad for a taxable account and a roth ira to be comprised of the same funds?
Any downsides to this credit card "trick"?
Have You Incurred Loss on the Stock Market?
Is a student loan for undergrad worth it? [serious](US)
I have had bad jobs since college and unable to pay back my school loans but may be turning a major corner this year. Is it possible to negotiate lump sums with creditors like Sallie Mae?
Any advice for a Financial Planner to be?
Personal Finance podcasts?
Has anyone seen a sale on YNAB lately?
5% down PMI free loan or save .4 percent?
Best Long Term Savings Accounts You Can't Easily Withdrawn From?
My 401k contributions are 5 pay periods late. What to do?
Mortgage Refi make sense?
What would be a good investment for $20,000 for about 5 years?
How to set up a roth IRA for the longterm?
The case for sector funds?
Has anyone tried Mango money?
18 year old male with $5000 to spare, what should i do with it?
New job doesn't have 401k. What should I do with old ones?
Opening a Roth IRA Target Fund (2055) today. I have $6,700 worth of money I have set aside for the IRA in a savings account. Should I contribute anything for the 2013 calendar year?
I need a larger vehicle. Should I trade my title-in-hand vehicle 1:1 for an older model, or obtain a loan for a slightly newer one?
Should I pursue litigation? Would it be worth it? (CA)
Does anyone know of a sophisticated snowball debt calculator?
ELI5 dependent care FSA?
I have excellent credit (770 score) I am looking to get a small loan for around 4k. What are some good options for me?
Does it make sense to avoid a Roth IRA to save for a down payment?
Hiring a CPA Advice, what to look for?
1st time home-buyer. Is there a wiki or FAQ for this?
Turning Game Stop into your no-fee bank? Surely this isn't serious?
My parents are likely hundreds of thousands in debt. I want to begin managing their finances starting this summer. Are there books out there for people managing other people's money, maybe books for amateur financial advisors?
Is having a balance on a credit card considered credit card debt?
In the U.S. how does hourly/salary overtime work?
Terminating other credit card and its affect on credit score?
Can you tell me if I'm on the right track?
Paying down student loans, want to get a house (and baby) sooner. Does this plan make sense?
18 years old and just inherited about 1.1 million dollars. Please help?
Do taxes stress you out? Because OH BOY HOWDY do they stress me out.
Looking at changing jobs at 30. I have 70,000 in an ESOP plan that I will want to take out. How can I do this while avoiding a high tax rate?
How do I know if I've had too many "hard pulls"?
Should I respond to collection letter?
$30k in capital gains. School or house?
Step-dad leaving mother, they have lots of debt and she is retirement age w/no savings. Options?
What can I do about my Sallie Mae loans?
Job ends in 3 months. Can't find anything else that will let me make legit payments on student loans (interest $550/month). Forebear now or in 3 months?
I have an interview tomorrow and part of compensation, if I get the job, is equity in the privately held company - What should I be ready for?
How do I take the "next step" during a CH13, Schooling? Is it possible? I need advice/motivation.
Should I use part of my inherited IRA to pay off my student debt?
Acorns: Rounding up credit/debit purchases into various index funds. PF's take?
Larger paychecks vs larger return?
Filed my taxes then maxed out my 2013 Roth IRA contribution. Any action needed?
Priorities: savings vs repaying loan?
25M, Paying child support and 35k in school loans with 12% interest. I make $52k a year. How to get back on track here?
Alternative to HSBC's free business bank accounts?
Ineligible to make traditional IRA contributions. Eligible to make partial Roth IRA contributions. What should I do?
Has anybody here had any experience with the Wells Fargo Advisors?
How am I doing for a 23 (about to be 24) yr old college student?
Roth IRA vs Company Stock Purchase Plan, which should be a higher priority?
How do I rebalance my (non roth) IRA?
Need some help with debts! Any advice? (using a throwaway fwiw)
Move Roth IRA funds to vanguard?
Any experience with BillCutterz?
If I rollover a 457 plan to a traditional IRA, does that count towards my annual contribution limit?
I'm starting a new job in california, and need help figuring out the taxes on my relocation package. Please?
Only 2.5k left on car.. pay off or pay down?
Should we sell house??
Simple Q: What happens if i contribute &gt; 17.5 to my 401k?
Fixed or Variable? Looking for some insight when consolidating my private loans.
Can I buy land through an IRA?
5/1 ARM adjusting in Oct from 3.625% to 2.75%, How long do I ride it out?
graduate in May, got a job and want to live in the city near work (detroit). how much of my income should I allocate for rent?
Sales charges on Roth IRA?
Can credit count as my emegency fund?
Does anyone have any knowledge of a Juniper MasterCard BayClayCard Scam?(CA)
Is there risk associated to the managing bank of an index fund? (ES)
Should I start a Vanguard Target Retirement account now or wait?
Fastest way to pay off debt?
I just turned 25. How much should I be saving for retirement and what sort of account should I open?
What is an ideal percentage of credit utilization on a credit card?
Can I pay an auto-loan off early (additional questions/explanations inside)?
how much did you earn vs how much did you spend in 2013?
100% COMMISSION based job but get paid despite my sales...?
Just got my first paycheck! What should I do with it?
Going to Grad School - Mortgage or Lease?
Am I "crunching the numbers" for my personal budget correctly?
ISA, 2014/15 wheres best? (UK)
cash out paid up whole life insurance?
I want to invest my "emergency fund". Should I?
IRA for kids?
ETF as liquid savings option... ?
Small Canadian start-up investing in a US company.. what are the tax filing requirements?
I keep getting declined for secured credit cards, any advice?
Should I sell stocks to pay down debt?
How can I prepare myself before applying for an auto loan?
Should i continue contributing to my 401k or open an IRA?
Are we ready to buy a house? Details inside.
Is there any way to track down a CD in my name if I don't know the bank?
Do your own taxes or go to an accountant?
How Much Do Employers Pay for Defined Contribution Plan Administration? Let's Find Out!
Online checking &gt; 1.75?
Any advice for Middle Class rut?
Credit Monitoring and ID Theft Protection. Worth it?
Should I do more than 35% of my monthly income towards rent?
What are some ways to save money on taxes? Single Taxpayer. 90K+ income.
When should I submit my 8606 for a backdoor Roth?
2013 contributions. I have yet to put anything in the 2013 401K, roth ira, etc. (I started working in this country mid 2013, and not sure i want my retirement savings tied up in this country) what makes sense to do? what is possible to do w.r.t. retroactive contributions.
24, zero debt, 90k job, 50k cash assets. Where do I start investing?
North Dakota State had a data leak and my credit and my wife's are at risk...who should I use for credit monitoring?
Starter home for a single guy in a small town: Duplex?
Baby on the way...how many dependents for this year's W-4?
Can someone expain this Risk/Investment style chart?
What do you want from a financial planner?
Is there a calculator that will help me figure out what my final paycheck would be if I were to increase my 401k contribution?
Is there an advantage to holding Vanguard funds in an actual Vanguard account?
Weighing a great career opportunity with lower salary, please give thoughts?
To older redditers of r/PersonalFinance, how many of you live in states with college prepaid programs?
10k in actual cash, can I deposit this in my bank acct with it being weird?
Getting a large raise in the middle of the year. How will this affect tax refund/owed in April 2015?
Max out 401k, company match, Roth Question???
[hope this is the right sub] - Identity theft &amp; lax security in bank accounts. - I just paid a CC bill by quoting the bank routing number and account number. this information is available on any check I write. I am now paranoid, can anyone take my money just by knowing my account number?
What would your spending and goals look like if you knew you wouldn't even live to be 50y/o?
How much to contribute to a 529 plan?
Is there incentive for an employer to not pay "overtime," but to still pay you what you're owed?
Should I finance a Macbook Air for 0% if I can afford to pay cash?
Should I diversify my portofolio? Details inside
Is backing out of a contract to rent an apartment legal if I'm doing it because of hidden fees?
Authorized users on credit cards? A discussion/question/cautionary tale.
New job and no withholding: help?
Just graduate college, What should I be spending on rent per/mo?
What is the Best Retirement Plan for Me?
Can a simple, no-fee bank work?
Is it too late to start a 529? If so, what would be a better option?
Funding a Roth IRA contribution with emergency savings, and keeping it in an FDIC-guaranteed savings account until the emergency fund rebuilds?
Fair Credit: To Lease or Buy Auto?
If you have term life insurance, what company did you choose and why?
Can someone explain pensions to me?
What should I do?
What Happens to Home Prices when Mortgage Rates Go Up?
My credit union said I couldn't sign up for a savings account with interest because I am not a citizen. Is this legal?
Traditional IRA favored when withdrawals will be in a lower tax jurisdiction?
Advice on reallocating 401(k) to different funds?
creditkarma.com for free credit score check...... should i trust them?, is anyone here using them?
Made ~$135k, I can't contribute to Traditional IRA but my wife can?
Consolidate 403(b) accounts?
My husband and I have about $12,000 in credit debt, $53,000 in student loans, and are struggling to pay high interest rates. What are the best debt consolidation options to pay this down and raise my credit score?
First time car buyer? Help! Low-budget!
Credit Union drawbacks?
Can I claim my gf as a dependant?
Can a spouse keep a T-IRA while I "backdoor" Roth?
Ineligible for Roth IRA in 2014 - do I want one for 2013? Do I want a Roth anything?
22 year old couple looking to start life together. Any financial advice?
What counts as "earned income" (for Roth IRA purposes)?
Im moving out of home for the first time, any advice?
Is it bad to say you are using a "personal" credit card for business expenses? When asking for a limit increase.
Cash out 401k?
I'm going to be renting my house out next year. Anything I need to know?
Amortization schedule not matching with scheduled payments?
Where to start investing?
Credit cards??
Is a Traditional IRA still tax-advantaged if over the deduction limit? How about a SEP-IRA?
How to get taxes back if I returned my company a previous year's sign-on-bonus and its taxes?
Uncovered a certificate of deposit among my deceased mother's possessions, what now?
Can somebody help me with auto loan APR calculations?
Pay decrease, quality of life increase?
What should I do finance-wise when I graduate in 3 years?
Should I buy the house next door? (UK)
Wife and I want to save 20% of our gross income for retirement - does it matter how we allocate this between the two of us?
S Corporation/LLC tax benefits for IT?
Prioritize retirement or saving to reduce future grad school loan burden?
Max Roth 401k account or personal brokerage account? (goal to down deposit home eventually....)
What should I be putting aside to my 401k to get the most out of my employer match? Having trouble with the math.
19, currently disabled by multiple chronic injuries, financially dependent on abusive manipulative parents. I should be able to work full time by the end of the year. Is it possible for me to completely support myself and somehow go to college without debt? (US)
Friend doesn't "trust the stock market", and only saves $. How bad is this for retirement?
T. Rowe Price 401k - Which fund(s) should I invest in?
Does anyone know of a website that allows you to read reviews on financial advisors and their commission structure?
What to pay off first?
Say you won Warren Buffet's Billion Dollar Bracket. There are two ways to take the money: In 25 annual installments of $40 million, or take $500 million up front. What do you choose and why? And what do you do with the money?
Doing Well, But I Want to Do Better: Can I get some outsider perspective?
How to read fine text of insurance policies before starting payment?
What happened with my 401k here? Is this just a mint glitch?
Can I open a bank account in the UK though I am a non-resident?
Transferring money between family members. Do you have to pay taxes or other fees?
Sink hole fund or pay back loans?
Already filed 2013 tax return, can I still invest in a Roth IRA for 2013?
What are your opinions on Precious Metals?
What should a college student be doing?
25 years old, wanting to buy a townhouse. Am I making a mistake?
Tax implications of selling my car?
How much can I afford to spend on a car?
Any advice for a younger, financially stable couple, with regards to credit cards?
Why is the amount added to my "Interest and Other Fees Owed" increasing each month (Student Loan)?
Any experience with Motif investing?
Should I Start a 5-year CD Ladder?
How am I doing/Help me buy a car? (US)
25 years old, moving out for the first time. Looking to buy. Am I making a mistake?
What should a high-schooler do with their money?
Question: What happens if there's another 2008 crash? What should I do differently?
Should I repay my student debt lump sum or in payments? (CA)
Is it okay to dip into my emergency fund for a vacation?
Bonds tax efficiency in IRA/401k VS. room for growth, where to draw the line?
Soon to pay off all debt but my house. Should I focus on paying off the house or saving for retirement (or both) when I'm finished with debt?
I owe $22k on a car worth $17k according to KBB private party value. What is my best option to get out of it?
What are differences between Economics and Management?
Tips for a first year college student and financial planning?
What should I focus on as a young person about to go into the world with a lot of opportunities? M20 AUS
Advice on Advisor and RALAX. Is a break up in order?
How should I invest the $200k I have sitting in my checking/savings accounts?
I Don't Pay Rent- Why Am I Still Broke?
Have an HSA, never received a 1099-SA form... Wat do?
Is it possible to retire off of Social Security alone?
Hypothetically if you gained ~1-2 million dollars by inheritance, how would you invest it?
How do you live off interest?
Should Landlords do this?
It's been 5 years since truck was repossessed, no attempt to collect deficiency?
[US] How to realize a dream of retiring to a lake/ocean house, starting young?
24 years old with decent income but no credit. What do?
Mother can't afford rent. What are her options?
Where are your stock and bonds kept? For people of different nationalities
Do you think this actually works ?
Should I pay what little money I have on CC debt?
Should I use LLC or personal accout for stock investing?
Preemptive advice for my financial situation?
How have you allocated your wealth? What percentage is in checkings, savings, property, retirement, etc.?
Save only for a home purchase or split efforts between a down payment and ROTH IRA?
Is my foreclosure going to come back to bite me in the ass?
How to deal with time-gaps in expense tracking?
[US] Any reason not to do a balance transfer from Wells Fargo (13.5% APR) to Chase (2% One Time Fee/0% APR until May 2014) on $3000?
Are Online Savings Accounts the way to go? How hard should I be looking into the APY%?
I have $7,000... what do I do with it?
Is this illegal?
Buy house with 20% or 40% down?
Do you set a minimal salary expectation for people you date? (CA)
Can I be held liable for a medical debt that my parents should have paid?
I've made an impulsive mistake? (401k loan)
State 529 Plan vs Vanguard 529 Plan?
When to give up on a car? (Multiple circumstances leading to financial problems - wedding - home purchase - car accidents)
Can you change the payment due date on your credit card?
Pay off car loan with Credit Card?
How much was your Federal Tax return?
I want to climb out of deep debt and buy a house – is my plan good enough?
Not sure if this is the right place, but question about mortgage pre-approvals and credit score?
Contribution Limits for a "Backdoor" IRA?
Car buying advice?
Paying a collection does not remove it from your credit profile, but does it improve your credit?
What do you buy that has no useful purpose but brings you great joy using it, looking at it, or being around it?
Can someone shed some light on this banking question? I've tried to search for answers but have found scattered results
I graduated last year and have been working full time since. Do I qualify for a tax credit for paying last year's tuition?
What are some good books that will guide a discussion on finances between my SO and I before we get married?
I have 6 federal loans that are coming due. Should I consolidate them to make one payment? I really can't afford to make 6 monthly payments
Overpaying for health care procedures, drugs or treatments?
Our new 401(k), just as bad as the old one, what to do?
Difference in Simple IRA and 401K?
Pay off debt or Roth IRA?
Is buying a house is a great investment, if you're in a very expensive market?
What financial lessons did you wish you learned at a very young age? [x/parenting]
What did you do to save money today?
What do all these numbers mean on a fund chart?
Trying to dig myself out. Am I doing this right?
30/M. What to do about retirement and money sitting in the bank?
Looking to move out. Should I rent an apartment or buy a condo?
is it worth it to settle on debt?
Debt Collector letter. I called them and left a message with my number, bad move?
Owe Alot (For Me) In Taxes; Options?
Taking additional federal student loans to pay higher interest private student loan?
Does your emergency fund change your investment asset allocations?
I received a check with mine and another person's name. But the other person is my former roommate and is being difficult and works two jobs during banking hours. Is there anything else I can do to cash the check?
Just switched my 457(b) to a target loan fund. Am I doing it right?
Why do most people max out their IRA each year rather then put that money in a 401k?
Want to be Financially Successful? Read More than Personal Finance Books
What is the best place for an accurate credit score? And if possible, credit monitoring service?
Are US merchants allowed to require minimum purchases when paying with credit card?
Need to renovate a home with no mortgage. What option is best?
Self insurance life, long term disability?
Everyday expenses: Cash, credit card, debt card or a combination?
Graduating college this semester and just paid off delinquent credit cards. Now, how do I build my credit back up?
Married: Open two ROTH IRAs even if we're only capable of maxing one?
We need two cars this week. Can anybody offer up advice here?
Chase offering 1% rebate in all mortgage payments??
What Can Problems Getting Free Credit Reports Mean?
How much confidence is there that Roth accounts won't end up being taxed at withdrawal in the future?
I have $9000, and bad credit. I'm trying to get a vehicle for $12,000, and need a $3k loan for the remainder. How do I do this?
Bad Credit From Defaulted Loan w/Secured Credit Card Doing Nothing for Me, What Should I Do?
Opening new credit card, closing older w/ same bank?
Pay off Subsidized school loans or invest?
I was granted my fathers house in his will, what in the world do I do?
Is it better to invest my money with post tax $ or pre tax into my 401k?
After all costs and discretionary spending, what percentage of income per month is ideal to have left?
Should I take out 3k from my 401k to pay off my credit card?
ACA Health insurance, healthy 28 year old, worth it? Which plan? How do I save money?
Options to deal with a $7k judgment?
What are some good books that my SO and I can use to discuss our finances before we get married?
Traditional or Roth IRA for low earning spouse of relatively high earner?
Dad hasn't filed taxes in four years. Advice?
Take loan out against 401k to pay off taxes?
Curious if anyone has bought a home with the Wells Fargo Home Opportunities Loan?
confused about retirement tax bracket?
401k how to choose company provided funds?
Does one month of high credit card usage have a detrimental effect on your credit score?
What is the exact definition of "living paycheck to paycheck?"
Would a 529 plan be a good saving vehicle for grad school 4-5 years from now?
Is it possible to remove a cosigner from Sallie Mae student loan or will we have to pay it off?
What would you do in my shoes ?
Reddit which (double degree) master do you think is the most 'valuable'? (NL)
CA: RRSP issue (401K for U.S.) My first impression is scam but how is it legal?
Beginner Mint.com user - how do I work with going over budget?
Buying 2011 Subaru Outback base model. Smarter to do 36, 48, 60 month loan. Does it make a difference at 1.99% financing?
Ally, Schwab, CapitalOne, Simple, or somethine else?
How much do you have left over at the end of the month?
Is it worth it pulling from a retirement account early in order to pay student loans?
How much do you have left over?
Separate Checking Account for each budgeted expense?
Pay off debt first or start investing?
Unsure how to pay my loans and my credit card with 1K? Should split or whole thing to credit card?
My parents do not want to co-sign on my $30,500 in student loans. What options do I have to finance these loans myself?
Vanguard?? Roth IRA. Thank you!
How much should I spend on buying a house?
Any ideas?
Credit Card Reward Miles. Worth it?
How much would YOU save?
Possible to get 0% capital gains tax?
What's the best way to use multiple gift cards for a single purchase when the vendor doesn't allow for this directly?
To put it simply, where do I START?
You're me...what do you do?
Should I maintain a transaction register by hand?
Who can help on setting up investment account?
Is my emergency fund too big?
Is it fine to go over 30% credit card utilization but pay in full before the next billing cycle?
I need a loan for a piece of real estate that is not currently habitable... Suggestions?
Need new laptop for school, not getting approved for and credit cards, what to do?
24 years old, earning $350 a month and living with my parents. Is moving out a good option?
Is it a good idea to open a bunch of credit cards and not use them?
This debt confuses me. Help?
Going to start saving for a car- Is there a certain savings, CD, or other account I can use to make a little extra money while I save?
Forgot about CC payment and credit score took a dive. Anything I can do about it?
What to spend my FSA on?
Obligation to help with 1099 in late March?
What happens to your credit score if you cancel your credit cards?
If I get a secured credit card and put a given amount on it now, can I add more later in order to boost my monthly limit?
Rural Development Mortgage/Loan?
Roll all old retirement accounts into TSP?
Chase sapphire preferred fraud alerts?
Is there a better way to pay off my 10k in student loans?
What should I have in place for my family?
How much do you spend on food every month? How many people are in your household?
Advice needed: To Rent or Not To Rent?
Due to fragmented working history, I have multiple IRAs and 401ks. How should I best handle them?
Paid off credit card in full day before due date... Will I be charged interest?
How bad is it to intentionally allow a student account balance to go to collections? Need help evaluating my options
Contribution limits to simulatenous Roth 401k &amp; Roth IRA?
11k on Roth Ira what to invest on?
Is my brother screwed?
Letter from law firm acting as debt collector- what do I do next?
Inquiring About Inheritance?
Stock Grant Tax Options?
Wife is going back to grad school, should we put her student loans into deferment or cut savings goal?
Student loan repayment for a current student/worker. Suggestions?
Secured Credit Cards? What you opinion?
What would happen if I accepted every credit card offer I receive?
How to make a personal loan safely?
Should I consider a balance transfer card?
Best way to rebuild my credit in my situation?
Just got married, what advice do you guys have for me and my new wife?
Can you help me please? I am looking to start a Roth IRA and need some guidance.
What is wrong with the logic: "Don't rent - paying a mortgage is the same thing but you have something to show for it in the end"?
[USA] Can someone who qualifies for mental disability where they are unable to work have their student loan debt forgiven? How serious does the mental disability have to be?
Reddit. I have horrible credit. Finally got approved for a credit card. Will getting another one hurt my credit?
Best ways to budget for grad school?
24 years old, $31k/year salary, and investing on my own since 2010. How did I do? How much have you made or invested in the same amount of time? [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/J2Z2JhX)
Tax Day Coming- Did I Mess Up?
Can I use my student loans to pay for my credit card debt?
HSA health insurance or not?
How old do you have to be to start a budget?
Why should I care about my credit score?
Fellow PFers, if there was anything you could tell you 18 y/o self, what would it be?
I want to attend UCLA this fall (accepted, out of state), but I have no credit and no cosigner and I need a student loan. Help?
How do you deal with the emotional blow of having to use your rainy day fund?
What are some good ways for a 16 year old to make money?
College student with $2000 for investment purposes, but have little time to spare. Looking for a short term investment (3-5 years). Suggestions ?
About to make $5m for selling my stake in a business. I have $15k to my name and make $50k/year. What should I do to get organized?
Should we buy or rent?
How long for credit reports to catch up with online accounts?
Credit and score monitoring - Do you do it? With whom and how much?
capital one visa platinum upgrade?
Could making bi-weekly payments on student loans be beneficial?
Buy a house or save and invest? (AU)
Graduate school and debt?
How should I invest money for a house down payment?
Retirement Mutual Funds?
Should I go from part time to full time at my job? Not sure if I could still handle my second job, which pays a much higher hourly rate.
I am a graduate student with no debt. What is your advice on what to do with the savings besides keeping it in a saving account?
Freshman in Highschool with $500. What should I do with it?
About to head to college next fall, what are some tips you can give me?
I have $500 dollars and I'm a Freshman in Highschool. What should I do with it?!
Considering getting the Discover It card. Pros and cons?
How much money do I need to leave my job?
I'm 18 years old and my mother has recently passed away. What does my family do with all of the money she left us?
(PHL) Investing advice for a 23 year old making $500/month. Am I doing it right?
Currently have ~£4,000 in a long-term fund at 20 years old. Wondering if there's something else I should be doing with it? (UK)
[NY Metropolitan area] 25 Y/O starting to invest?
Is consolidating Credit Card debt through a third party or HELOC a good idea?
Im 17, junior in high school, what's the best advice you could give me?
Could it be possible that whole life might work for me? Earn over the Roth limit, no work 401k plan
[Q]Pay Taxes on Scholarships? Losing ~$5000. Help.
From &lt;20K to 60K this year. What should I be doing now to avoid pains come next tax season?
Buy a car or fund Roth IRA?
What is the best way to facilitate relatives contributing to my children's college fund?
High Student Loan debt, a little credit card debt. How do we pay off?
Any tips or basic information of things I should definitely do before becoming completely independent?
Disputing a charge done through Google Wallet?
I'm a 23 year old male, married, with a 1 1/2 old baby. I have zero debt and I'm about to receive $100k. What are some smart things I can do with it in my position? (xpost from /r/askreddit)
Should I (21) buy a house? (Canada)
Pay extra towards mortgage if planning to move in 3 years?
Mint.com users - Do you "exclude" or void" return credits and purchses? How do you handle them? I try to exclude both since I think it screws up my budgeting
Advice for "First" Credit Card?
Advice Request of the Day: 26 years old - extra savings to 401(k), mortgage, or taxable investment account?
Roth IRA or regular IRA?
If I know I can make 8%-10% per year outside the stock market, is there any reason for me to invest in the market?
(UK) I have a horrid bill of £120 for bills on Monday and need the money quick, I've sold a few dresses but unable to get anything more than £20. What loan could I use? What should I do? Desperate times call for desperate measures...
Is there some kind of public assistance that this guy might qualify for?
29 - 140k income - 45k in savings - 80k in 401k - 0 debt, what should be my next step?
Tax liability when realizing a large amount of capital gains during the year?
I'm looking into joining a company called 5Linx. Can I get some advise?
I have $10,000. Is it possible to triple this in 5 years? How would I do that?
Getting my shit together; a little overwhelmed. Tips?
18/High School Senior going into college soon. What does Personal Finance recommend for a stable life going in and after college?
Banks for "risky"(?) customers?
Earning $120 per fortnight and roughly $1350 in savings. What should I do?
Have a physical stock certificate. What do I do with it?
This summer I'll be moving out on my own to college (yes!), will I need to have a credit card?
I'm thinking of doing a cash-out refinance with my mortgage to blow away my debts. Should I take out more to do a few other things?
21 years old and I am already 31000 dollars in the hole. Any advice for making the best of my situation?
Roth IRA?
I am 16 years old, what can I do to help myself get on the path to financial success? (CA)
18 years of age with $5000 in saving account. Is there any else I could be doing with my money instead of letting it sit in that account?
I'm a college student. Which excel templates do you recommend?
Freezing credit?
Multiple checking accounts for bonuses?
I need help with budgeting?
Can people really buy a car and then have their loan denied a month later? This is scary!
29-year-old woman, $38000 income (small business mgr - no benefits), $64000 in loans, $15000 in Roth IRA, $15000 in cash and misc savings. Working toward adoption of a child and eventual retirement. Help?
Does it make sense to maximize both Roth IRA and traditional IRA annually?
Dumb question here, how do I physically pay my credit card bill?
As an AU on someone's account, can my card be canceled for inactivity?
Can you ELI5 why someone would default on a student loan because they have life insurance?
Buying a house with my girlfriend?
Temporarily pause contributions to my 401k?
Does it still make sense to continue contributing to my 2013 Roth IRA?
Can I realistically afford this house or would I be in over my head?
Coming in to $120,000. Would like to pay my debt, pay myself and invest in my future. Help?
Is it smart to keep all your money at one bank?
Should I buy a new Used car?
What is the average rate of return on a 529 college savings account?
Employer offers both Traditional 401k and Roth 401k. Which do I choose?
How is our company's financial advisor getting paid?
Has anyone read "The Bogleheads' Guide to Investing"?
Should I be claiming my personal assets for business use?
I'm an 18 year old male, student, about to get a flat for myself for the first time. I have a job and student loan/bursary with no parental income support. Any advice on how to spend wisely as a student? (UK)
Rolling old pension to IRA and starting new pension. How's my plan?
I'm 19 and have made a stupid decision. Help?
Why do some funds have a 100% margin requirement?
Because I'm curious: How many credit cards do you have, and what do you do to keep them active?
Is it worth it for me to go back to school and finish my degree? Any advice appreciated!
Is day trading E-Mini S&amp;P 500 futures as easy as it seems?
My mom's FA is recommending she turn her existing 401k funds into a pension..what?
Start investing before any debt is paid off?
Connection between Roth IRA, Vanguard, Index Fund, compound interest?
I've been a long-time authorized user on my parents' credit card but CreditKarma tells me I still have a thin file. How does this affect me and how do I remedy it?
What should my priorities be?
How should I best allocate 10k?
Time limit for debt collection notice/start?
Managing a car payment?
Has anybody here had any experience with Ameriprise?
Debt or TSP with limited time left in military?
Which loan deserves the most attention?
What % yearly raise is appropriate?
Can we afford to move out?
How should I properly invest my new Roth IRA?
Ideally, how much of my income should be spent on rent?
I have the ability to pay off my car. Do I keep the car, or sell it and take a much older car and use the profit to pay off some other high interest debts?
28 (f) about to have roughly 15k in cash, do I put it in a CD where I can access it in two-three years when I plan on buying a property or do I invest it in my 401 (k) which has had a very generous return the last two years?
Wrongfully accused of owing money to a scammy online website - credit rating? (CA)
I would like some advice or recommendations. My 401k plan, which has $2000 in it, changed and is charging me more than the interest. Need a new plan to switch to... anyone?
Tax deduction for car mileage?
23 Year Old, Married, 2 Stable Incomes, Roth-IRA for Possible Future Investment Properties? Advice?
(US) How to keep investing after forced distributions?
I'm an 18 year old in a gap year before college, have saved up a little bit of money over the past few months. Looking to invest. Where do I start?
If you were to put together a financial planning/financial success kit for a friend experiencing hardships, what items would you include?
Should I cancel this credit card?
Company 401k better ratios than Vanguard?
Can we revisit this? Pros/Cons of paying with cash
My mother is a real estate agent, and has to track all of her expenses for tax reasons (and other reasons). What program can I encourage her to use that would be the most helpful and, more importantly, user friendly?
Should We buy a house? Or invest money another way? Or pay off some student debt first?
If I were to marry someone who had previously defaulted on a student loan, to what extent, if any, would I be liable for their debt?
Didn't do taxes yet. I've been stuck at work for weeks. Can't find some forms. What do I do?
new option at work for ROTH 403b. Should i invest?
Need some fresh eyes on my Finances, can you help me tweak them a little bit?
What are equivalent retirement savings accounts in Canada to IRAs, 401k? (CA)
Guide me into what to do?
Feelining financially illiterate. Can anyone explain to me, in laymans terms, what kind of return I'd see here?
How do I improve my Credit Score?
How often should I rebalance my 401k?
How to I add positive credit accounts to my credit history?
457(b) Fund Options - How do I decide which one is right for us?
Is it just me, or has Mint been wonky recently?
What options are out there?
Has any body dealt with Chase Receivables?
Should I get a loan to sell my house?
Should I get a job in college? Parents don't want me to because they think it will lower my financial aid.
Should I buy a car from Drivetime?
How much will my financial aid be affected?
Credit card extended warranties and gift cards?
Girlfriend's mom has passed away. Her Dad is alive but she is helping manage the finances (her Mom previously did everything). How does she manage the debts that are left?
What'd the impact of my CC being transferred from BOA visa to a Barclays Master card?
I'd like help constructing a budget/managing my finances/time (Long Read?)
It's time for me to take control...now where the hell do I start?
Should I pay off my student loan?
Roth IRA, is it worth getting if I hope to have a full time job within the year? (I'll graduate in December)
Real Estate or AAPL?
What's the safest Vanguard fund to put money into?
Why should I have bonds as part of my portfolio?
Screwed myself with autopay, account went to collections, paid my bill, should I contact the company this late in the game?
What tax form should I have received for sold stock?
How to diversify my future portfolio? (~$39k)
/r/personalfinance's opinion on franchises?
I have 120k in student loans at an average interest rate of 7.3%. Given how low rates are now, is there anyway to "refinance" and get a better rate?
[Debt] If I have a few accounts in collections with the same agency- does contacting them about ONE account make ALL the accounts 're-activate'?
how stupid is it to cash out some retirement funds for a doen payment?
Bad to use credit card more than 30% of credit limit even if paid in full each month?
[Ohio] Thoughts on Chapter 13 Bankruptcy? Since filing, a massive medical emergency occurred.
23 yrs old with $40k in cash. What should I do with it?
Are my 401(k) allocations smart??
Car lease payments tax deductible?
At what point do I get a "new" car?
How much money is enough to not have to worry about money, assuming that you maintain a modest standard of living?
Can I get some general advice/critique on my financial situation?
Student loans for police academy? (X-posted from /r/studentloans)
Tough used car market for buyers?
How Long Should I Wait Before Moving from Fidelity/Credit Union to Vanguard?
My girlfriend and I (30 and 28) are looking to settle down soon. Any financial advice going into the future?
My husband is receiving $2.31M for selling his company. What do we do with the money?
When do you see fee for service financial advisors (CA)?
Is there a correlation between the height of a loan and how big of a bonus a banker gets for each loan s/he closes?
When switching credit cards, what's should one do with the old card? Destroy it, cancel it or something else?
What are the consequences of not paying your mortgage and going into foreclosure?
My health insurance sucks, wife needs surgery. What to do about bills?
Can I get some help making a budget?
What did you do with your tax refund?
What do I do next?
Moving from Texas to California- what should I do with my accounts and when?
If you have credit cards you pay off each month, is there ever a reason to use a debit card?
What "wants" (rather than needs) do you allow yourself to spend money on?
Is there a guideline for how much you should spend on your house in relation to your income?
Does VISA Extended Warranty Protection continue to work even after I cancel the card?
New job in sales, now I need newer and dependable car. Are the tax advantages I can utilize?? Best way to finance?
I need an info on how much my employer contributes to my retirement plan. Can someone please explain what this means?
What are your opinion of buying a condo vs. renting?
Mortgage 3rd home or rent. What should I do?
Looking to invest $1000 to save for the future. What would you recommend?
Just filed taxes, found out we owe a lot...what to do?
Tax help?
21-year old with 15k. Help with long term plans?
Selling a rental property - should we pay down our primary mortgage or purchase a new investment property? (CA)
Help a recent grad make sense of adulthood?
I rolled over a company 401(k) to my Roth IRA when I switched jobs in July. However, 1099-R form I got says that the taxable amount on this is 0. Shouldn't I owe income tax on the total?
(X-post from r/frugal) To buy or rent?
Will have $35,000 as of January 1. I have a few ideas, what is wisest?
Pull out of mutual funds for down payment?
25, married, Wife is in school; how are we doing?
Buying a new car, any advice on getting the best price?
HSA use question (sunglasses eligibility?)
Moving debt/refinance advice needed... Do I refi/equity home loan to pay off miscellaneous debt?
Wife is pregnant with our first. Financial advice for those expecting a child?
Paying school tuition with cc then paying it off via loan disbursement, has anyone done this?
Made a lot of money now owe a lot of taxes. What can I do?
just finished undergrad &amp; got hired, any suggestions?
21-year-old student who seriously needs to build some credit-- what can I do?
When does it make sense to invest in real estate vs invest in stock market?
when applying for new card, what determines: credit card approval, APR, credit limit?
[Canada] 25 yr old grad student. Inherited $40k. What should I be doing with it?
Trying to set up a Roth IRA, am I getting screwed by the fees?
What Credit Card company do you use and why? What perks/services are offered that made you choose them?
21 y/o about to graduate college. No debt, $10k saved. What should I do?
Stupid Ex didn't pay rent after I moved out, will I be able to get an apartment?
Quick question about rollovers - 403(b) distribution to Trad IRA contribution 14 months later?
Could You Come Up with $2,000 in 30 Days?
Can I affored it? Should I?
Buying a house. On my way?
Plan on being an Entrepreneur, which degree in your opinion would be the most helpful/versatile?
Credit card/ personal finance advice?
debt or invest?
Ex is dropping off car he was originally supposed to buy, what is the best way to take care of it?
Why shouldn't I sign up for store credit cards for the initial discount, only to pay off the balance immediately and let the card sit?
Extreme back taxes CPA/Agency?
Allocation of 401K Funds: Life-cycle fund with target retirement vs. manual allocation?
What should my and wife's withholding be?
Is there an alternative to Mint for UK users?
Please help explain my Vanguard account(s) situation?
What is the best credit card option for me?
An email from my CPA regarding annuities. What do you think?
Separate Checkings for recurring bills? Rewards cards instead?
AT&amp;T Mobile share plan hidden fees/restrictions?
SO and I looking to buy a house or condo. Should we wait until all school loans are paid off, or will they not affect a mortgage much..?
Take out more student loans in college?
Lost Check in Mail - Pay the Stop Check Fee?
any place i can see best awards bonuses, sign up bonuses for new cards?
Save, invest, or pay off debt?
Will checking a second site somehow hurt my credit score?
How can I make my money work the hardest for me?
Where should I put vacation fund?
Credit Card application declined despite having a credit score of 994?
Retirement Account Advice - What is the impact of losing tax benefit of Roth 401(k)? Analysis in Comments.
What is a good goal to strive for with respect to 401k/Roth IRA savings by the time I am 30?
How do I calculate my 401k and Roth balances over time?
Can the interest rates on my Sallie Mae student loans change?
What will happen if I don't pay the last month of rent?
How to set W4 withholding -- what is correct?
Back on my feet financially, now what do I do with this extra money? - Long Post
I already submitted my 2013 tax return. Can I still contribute to my Roth IRA from 2013?
Best options for financing a car with Very Poor credit??
Long time lurker, PF has become my favorite subreddit!! Quick question?
Contributions between 401/457/403 plans?
What is the best way to deal with credit card debt?
Longer mortgages (e.g. 30 yrs) are financially better than shorter mortgages (e.g 15 yrs)?! This seems to be the case (for my situation at least), and is kind of blowing my mind. r/personalfinance, tell me I'm high or something.
Advice on Paying Down Debt and Repairing Credit?
27 year old w/ 42k sitting in saving account. Have a roth IRA and mutual fund, what can I do with my savings? Interested in invested, have no clue where to start.
Anyone use a website called ChargeSmart for paying Mortgage / Student Loans / Auto Loans with a Credit Card for rewardsx?
Helping a friend pay off debt; what to do with interests that change?
Best retirement calculator?
Are there any SISA SIVA type mortgages still available?
Is this a stupid financial decision? (23F)
Applied for Capital one secured card, denied? Experian Credit Report shows nothing.
Are all of my eggs in one basket with an S&amp;P 500 index fund?
Could someone make me a personal budget and help me use my credit cards in the best way possible?
Does anyone in the US know where I could get data on credit cards and debit cards?
How long do international wire transfers take?
Got offered to raise my credit limit, should i do it?
Pros and cons of investing borrowed money?
Invest in pension or lower mortgage?
Nest thermostat worth the cost in utility bill reduction?
Need to amend 2012 return. Include a note with an explanation of my mistake and receipts?
Expense ratios in mutual funds: ING lists about a dozen different percentages. What is the actual expense ratio?!
Is buying a house a bad idea?
Should I pay off my student loan ASAP, or can it help me build some credit?
Recently or about to graduate college? Useful article on making financial decisions.
Small Business for the Self-Employed?
Should I take a loan from my TSP retirement account to attack student loan debt more aggressively?
Pay off interest free car loan, make lump sum payment on LOC, or do neither?
Advice on how to deal with shady utilities situation?
Parents filed tax refund early February and I haven't received it. When do I start getting worried and what do I do?
Can bank employees look up your bank details without your consent? (CA)
How would paying off my car loan affect my credit score?
Hey guys, just got my first job. What do I do now?
Should I take out student loans to buy a house?
I'm a teen living with my parents. I have a stable part time job, a good sized savings account, and I just started putting a little away for retirement. What do I do now?
How soon after getting a mortgage can I apply for a credit card?
I have some money I want to invest. About 10K. I live outside the U.S. (In Panama, central america). What is the best advice you guys can give me?
(CA)Options: $100 per bi-weekly paycheque towards federal income tax or put amount in a TFSA?
Saving for house, where store money?
Am I over extending myself?
I'm a teen living with my parents. I have a stable part time job, and I want to make a large purchase. How do I go about doing that?
Graduating next year with ~$150k debt. What can I start doing now to help in the future?
What moment in your life taught you a financial lesson?
Should I take out a loan to build credit?
What is your interest rate threshold when you would invest rather than pay off debt?
On the verge of filing bankruptcy. Any advice?
Thinking about MBA and financing via loans, thoughts?
Do I Need LifeLock?
Writing a will - DIY or lawyer?
Should I accept another credit card offer?
Using Emergency Fund to Buy in Downturn?
I have a credit card I no longer want, but also have a short credit history. Should I just keep it?
Should I open a Roth IRA?
Spreadsheet for a budget with almost no bills?
What in the world can I do about an upcoming security deposit?
How do I build good credit?
Do people contribute in both traditional and Roth IRA's, or is it wiser to choose either one depending on your preference?
Best first credit card?
Do utilities affect credit?
What's the best visa credit card for someone with no credit?
5 Best way to pay off Debt? 3 cards, Balances from $900 to $7,000. Rates from 0% to 7.24%. (X post with r/frugal)
How am I supposed to pay my way through college?
Thinking about buying a wine hutch, it's on sale and only 9k, can I afford it?
Better late than never to start building credit?
Pay for car in cash or finance car and pay off equivalent amount of student loan principle?
Student Loan Question + PF question: graduated pmt plan actually costs more in interest than a straight pmt plan?
Getting a job across state lines. Any issues?
Starting your own business for tax purposes?
Can I get a check on my math? It seems like my dream school and my backup come out in the wash in terms of cost...
Is a reverse mortgage the best option for my sick parents?
[Self-Employed USA] Contributing to IRA to lower tax liability?
Somebody's Tax Identification Number the same as my SSN?
How's my Roth IRA allocation?
Thoughts on my 401k portfolio?
Is an ARM a good call for us?
Convert Rebate Cards into Cash?
Is this enough for my mother to retire on or should I be planning to bail my parents out in the future? (CA)
Significance of incurring unnecessary student loan debt?
How bad is using &gt;50% of your credit limit for your credit score?
Was unemployed in 2013, do I still have to file taxes?
Can I leave out my Schedule K-1 (loss of 131) in order to avoid having to pay for Turbo Tax Premiere?
Does PayPal affect your credit?
Is it a smart move to refinance my student loans with SoFi???
Recently married. Pros/Cons of adding spouse to Credit Cards?
I have an IRA and a 401k...what next?
New credit card, now what?
Best 3 year house fund?
IRA Question - Opening one?
Father's retirement is in annuities? Can anyone help me make sense of this?
[US] How to we deposit a large sum of cash?
Hi PF! How do you decide if paying for more education (Postgraduate Certificate, Masters, PhD, Other cerficates/diplomas etc?)
Can I defer some loans from a provider, but not others?
Selling house at a profit; what to do with the money? (U.S.)
Planning on getting an auto loan, how can I increase my credit score over a few months?
Hi PF, can anyone offer suggestions for an investment vehicle to save for our first child's future other than an RESP? (CA)
Is there anyway for me to get a used car loan for ~$5000 at 19 with no credit and a (nearly) minimum wage job?
Former GA State Employee - what to do with Retirement Account &amp; HSA??
Started grad school, should I keep going?
Tax question: Filing taxes with no income. Is a return possible?
Dividends/Capital gain where to put it?
Do I need a CPA for my taxes this year?
How to decide how much money to save?
Early 20's, a brokerage account (~$80k) but zero retirement accounts (401k, Roth, etc.). Saving for entrepreneurship. Advice?
Life Insurance - where to start?
Should I reduce my line of credit or cancel my credit cards?
Why would I need more than a chequing account and a index fund?
Anybody else having trouble linking their Vanguard retirement account to Mint?
Debit Card Purchases: Is It Better to Choose Debit or Credit?
Should I relocate and take this new job? Does it make sense to?
Should I refinance my car?
Health Savings Account?
Low Cost Mutual Funds?
Splitting rent with 5 roommates, landlord wants us to pay in one check. How can we do this?
How useful are "average salary" websites?
Max IRA on January 1st or in equal installments over the course of the year?
Stop Roth IRA Contributions in Favor of Roth TSP?
Any downsides to opening up multiple IRAs (traditional now, Roth later)?
Friend gave me a gift. I gave him a gift. How does this impact taxes?
Can I cash a check from 2010 that doesn't say "void after 180 days"?
How much (in $) is your work/life balance worth to you?
Coverdells for twin daughters?
Inherited IRA question: Take a larger distribution for emergency fund and 2013 Roth IRA?
Why don't any long-term investment value projections use a modernized return basis?
Have $18.5k in a Mutual Fund, was gifted from parents a few years ago, should I ditch it for Index funds in Vanguard?
Can I afford this house?
What is the "catch" to purchasing a place like this?
I am about to start my first paid internship this summer. How should I allocate the money I make?
I've got 2k-3k to store. Savings or Index Fund? Something else?
Possible avenue for declaring bankruptcy on student loans?
Drowning in Student Loan Debt, is it worth it to try to pay off or invest in something else?
Graduating soon, current homeowner, low on cash but lots of home equity... fastest way to get into new house?
I have student loans and enough money (still a student), where should I put the money? (CA)
When does food count as a business expense?
Update on "Advice on Building Credit When Uncreditworthy?"
Parents have a credit card open in my name. I'm the only one that uses it, but I feel like it's hurting my credit score. What should I do?
Should I drop one of my credit cards?
Left my job, 2k in 401k, should I roll it into a Vanguard?
Was declined for a new credit card. Is it OK to keep applying for different ones or will this look bad on my credit score? [UK]
Any ideas on how to pay a bill (rent) online that requires a check or money order? (without exposing routing information)
Ways to make my money go further?
Apartment complex says I owe them, and they are unresponsive. Anything I can proactively do before this goes to collections?
What is a good way to earn money?
Precious metals - invest or no?
Just started contributing to NYS Deferred Comp Plan, should I be investing more aggressively?
I'm on year 3 of a 15 year mortgage @ 4% and have $70K savings in addition to my emergency fund. I am thinking I should put it all towards principal instead of CDs - as I do not file long form and I can't see any safe investments paying at 4%. Thoughts R/personalfinance?
With SoFi closing on $80 Million to expand, what are your thoughts on Lending Club?
Is there an app for this?
Student Loans...can someone please explain the difference between Income Based and Income Contingent Repayment?
Should I convert my traditional IRA into a Roth?
Hi Personalfinance. Are my selections for these retirement accounts okay or should I look to change the allocations?
Paying for a car in full vs. financing?
Is it "timing to market" to focus bonds during s&amp;p500's peak right now?
Mint Slow or Unresponsive Today (3 APR '14)?
My job is letting people go as it begins to close it's doors and has been reducing people's pay to minimum wage without notice. Is this allowable?
Any reason not to max out IRA contributions for 2013?
For 28 years old how much allocation is needed on bond?
Should I temporarily suspend 401k (and ESPP) contributions while I'm paying down debt?
Buying a vehicle. Does it matter if financing is in both names?
Any legal way to make sure someone pays up?
Do I need a personal accountant or a tax attorney? How do I go about finding a good one?
How can I protect my credit score while I wait for insurance to sort out my bill? (Details inside)
I owe $600 in federal tax - can I just open up a $600 IRA account instead of paying?
How do I properly save for a down payment in my position?
Better alternative to Ally?
Need help determining how to spend car insurance pay-out: toward other debt, new car, etc?
Is there a benefit for my wife and I to get a credit card?
Finally got a fraudulent account deleted off one credit report, do I have to go through this process again with each bureau?
Lease or buy another used car?
Is it possible to get financing on a car as a non US citizen?
Is there a reason to contribute to a traditional IRA if your MAGI is too high to claim the tax deduction?
Could anyone shed light on negative factors in a credit report?
Payday loans?
Which to pay off first?
How much do you spend on fun money?
Just started an HSA, is there any benefit to maxing it out before April 15?
Keep taking student loans to avoid incurring interest?
Should I pay off CC or keep emergency fund?
I want to open up a Roth IRA with Vangard... How do I actually do this?
PF parents, how much do you tell your kids?
What is the most inexpensive way to transfer a large amount of money from China?
IRAs and freelance work as a student?
How negotiable are banks? (Want to avoid foreclosure)
I dont know if this is the right place but what would the process be to go to a college in a different country? US -&gt; UK for example
Any hasn't filed taxes yet? Thinking of filing using turbo tax? I have 6 coupons for turbotax. 50% off filing fee. PM me.
Hi I only make 12,000 a year, is renting a place for 375 stretching my budget too far? Live in NC with no debt
[27m] Need finance help, over $100k debt, perhaps bankruptcy...?
What can I do to make my car run forever? Are dealership service packages ever worth it?
When does a mortgage reflect on your credit?
How often do you pull your credit report and credit score? Do you have a membership to one of the 3 bureaus?
Is YNAB worth the $60? is there a cheaper/free alternative that's comparable?
Does it matter if I don't charge much to my credit cards?
Ok. What? Shouldn't it have been impossible for me to get approved for this card?
Living in NYC making $70k/yr am I wasting my time with a Roth IRA?
Certified Check?
What do you guys think about airline credit cards? Are they worth it?
How long to improve my credit score?
Can't roll my fiancee's pension into my IRA. What now?
My 401K from my old employer rolled over into a Traditional IRA without my consent, and to a company I don't necessarily trust. What can I do about it?
Made some silly allocations in my Fidelity 401k + Vanguard Roth; do I sell those off or just correct for the future?
Personal experience with bankruptcy?
Saver's Credit - Would we apply?
403(b) vs. 457(b) for retirement choice with a University. What's the difference? Help!
How many card(s) should I close to increase my credit score?
Best place to put emergency fund to maximize interest?
Giving your credit card information over the phone (w/security code)? A new insurance is asking me to pay this way
Using Corporate Credit Card vs. Personal Credit Card Pros/Cons as it relates to Credit Score?
New car, options for downgrade?
I have 15k that I won't need for another 2 years. I can't afford to lose the principle though. Would an indexed annuity be a good option?
Good student credit card to build credit?
Starting first job soon, how much should I be saving every month?
Should invest the money for a down payment on a house?
Am I missing something? 32 y/o in Ontario (xpost r/personalfinancecanada)
Would you buy a house if you were me?
HELP I need advice! Should I move out?
Why is credit utilization part of the credit score?
Put money in Roth TSP to save for home down payment?
US expat in (NZ); do I need to/how do I report income from Kiwisaver (a government-regulated retirement savings program - details inside)?
Father's death left me with $31k in a 401k in my name. What are my options?
401K - Only can be fed from your paycheck?
Company stock grants should be no more than X% of your investments or assets?
Just joined on with a new insurance agent... do I need to send him the "declaration page" from my previous insurance? Worried he might raise prices on me
Lots of money sitting my savings account. What do I do?
I am saving for a downpayment on a house. Where should I keep it?
How much can I contribute to my Roth IRA?
Yet another windfall post. $1.6mm before taxes from recent IPO. Advice?
Free Portfolio Tracking Program That Can Account For Reinvested Dividends?
Can I extend my Roth IRA deadline with this trick?
26 planning for retirement. Should I increase 401k contributions?
Converting from credit card to another?
As a college student, should my primary goal be to save or just maintain?
Just won $1000 bonus... How to spend/save?
Concern about credit score - Will a cancelled temporary authorization on CC bomb my credit?
Did I chose the right IRA?
Advice for a soon-to-be university graduate? Where/how to start learning about personal finance?
28yo new MD w/ windfall of 130k, specifically how to invest it?
How can I sign up for an IRA if I don't have a driver's license yet?
24yo Actor with a 1 year gig (84k) should I pay off student loans or save for moving/when work runs out?
applying for a loan to minimize payments?
Debt? IRA? Savings? Where do I start?!?! I've changed my plan a million times and I just need some guidance.
Which credit cards do you prefer?
Just curious. How is your financial situation (debt, assets, investments, income, age/job)? What would you do differently?
How much spending money do you give yourself a week?
Is it worth getting a second secured credit card to build credit?
Wife has horrible credit (sub 450). Where to start?
Best credit monitoring service?
Long term personal or peer-to-peer loan?
Should I move my Betterment funds over to my Roth IRA? 2013 contribution &amp; beyond.
Pay mortgage off, or not?
Student Loan debt 125k - 8 different loans with feds - whats the best way to put extra money at them?
How to pick a target date fund at 23?
Should i sign up for a 401k management service? (FutureAdvisor)
Where to look for reliable housing maket info?
How do I know when it's time to get life insurance?
Need your help. Student loans. Mortgage. And now infertility costs. How do I pay for all of this? CAN I pay for all of this?
Looking to get a mortgage - pic in comments with Pre-Qual numbers. Is this good?
I work in the oilfield, and most likely it won't stay steady my entire working life so I'm looking to do some investing. I have about $15,000 to invest, what are some good options?
ELI5: What is internal rate of return (IRR)? better than ROI? and XIRR? xpost from ELI5
Want to start saving for retirement, but might move abroad. Unsure about how this could affect savings. Advice?
Why invest more conservatively later in life?
[US] I have never been offered a 401k before, in any of my previous 11 jobs. For my new job, I had to form a single-entity s-corp. Can my s-corp create a 401k, and if so, how--and would it be worth it?
[US] Personal "Corporate" finance subreddit?
Should I open an IRA for just college savings?
100K in savings, no debts, have no idea what to do. Any suggestions?
My father inherited 1.5 million dollars. What should we do?
already did taxes, can i still contribute to 2013 roth?
Need Help/Input: Investing For Dummies, what is my best options?
22 Years old, recovering from debt/finishing college, are my Financial priorities straight?
Getting something off my credit report?
Is there any way to remove debt collection black mark from credit report?
Should I open a Roth IRA before April 15th?
Wanting to sell my vehicle and purchase something else of similar value. Should I finance to build credit?
Thinking of putting retirement on hold for the next 6 mos or so. Good or bad idea?
What's the best way to deal with my $6,000 credit card debt if I can only pay the minimum? (Balance Transfers? Loans?)
Navy Federal...worth opening an account?
Car, home paid off. How shall I best proceed to make this money work for me?
Is it possible to turn government student loans into a private loan with a bank? Would there be a benefit?
Where to put rainy day fund?
What is the difference between a Money Market IRA and a non-employer sponsored IRA?
Did I chose the right IRA?
Should we pay off all school loans first before buying a house? (details inside)
When I log into Mint it's telling me that I can still put money into my IRA if it's done before tax season is due. How is this accomplished?
21 year old. Goal: Move out. Am I on track?
Dealing with collections that aren't on my credit report?
Getting ready for a family - what should I be doing? (Canada)
Does average return include dividends?
Put money into a ROTH IRA but had no income in 2013. What are my options?
27-year-old, $110k student loan debt. Just got a 2nd job working 100 hours 7 days/week. $50k after taxes. Desperately trying to hold onto hope. Did Sallie Mae steal $20k from me?
Anyone else feel bad or guilty about spending money? Especially on necessities? (Need advice)
We're 25, married, and planning on leaving the military in one year to build our home in a school bus. Will this work?[update]
$20,000 in debt. Student. I messed up. Anything I can do?
what do i need to substantiate a cash gift with a bank for a checkings/savings account?
Do you follow the asset allocation by age advice?
Is it worth carrying full coverage insurance on an older vehicle?
Size of Emergency Fund?
DCA vs. Lump Sum for Taxes: What am I missing?
How do you deal with months when creating an overview per week number? How important are months?
Retirement questions/help?
Using CC to make money?
Are credit unions exactly the same as banks in terms of what you can do?
Money saving/investing tips? UK
As a young expat working abroad, what should I be doing with my money?
Student, only made &lt;$4000 last year. Am I eligible to deduct ~$300 worth of prescriptions and copays from my tax filing ?
When is a good time to stop using secured credit cards?
Three degrees, first good job. Pay loans off faster or start saving for retirement?
If I cohabitate with my GF who has crap credit, will it destroy mine? Neither of us want marriage.
I'm 25, partner is 26, how do we plan our money?
What are some good credit card options?
(20/M) For what reasons would you forgo putting the minimum into an IRA?
Anyone have ideas on how to work from home?
I know that you can add fees to the cost of something on your schedule D. Can I add the cost of a money order and postage too?
Flying toEurope. Smart to open a airline/reward credit card?
Applying for student credit card - Do I need to wait?
About to get hit with fees on our HSA account. What are our options?
Just Graduated and I'm working with a friend for the next year or so as an "independent contractor" is this bad or good?
Direct Consolidation? Extended Repayment? Graduated Payments? Guidance Appreciated!
Pay off student loans or invest?
No income for 2013, I'm stuck waiting to invest?
People of reddit; do you have a parent(s) that you support financially? If so how is it working out?
I'm trying to build my poor credit score. I just got denied for a Capital One Secured Credit Card. Now what?
How to push for HSA friendly environment at my employer: overhead?
Is a 401k partial withdrawal more expensive than if I invested myself in the same fund?
22YO - Buy a house/condo or rent?
What is your favorite app for saving money or to keep track of your savings?
[23M] Europe, What ways are available for people from Europe to get to early retirement or financial freedom?
[23M] Is inflation really that scary?
Quick sanity check on budget for potential marriage, please?
Regarding credit score, particularly the average age of open credit lines: My two ten-year-old student loans are about to be paid off $+/-$150 left). Can I extend the loans for the sake of keeping open old accounts?
Where to keep my new car fund?
I have seven student loans with different interest rates, which should I focus on?
Private Student Loan Refinancing Company Recommendation (that isn't named SoFi)???
28 - First time buyer: how much house can I afford?
What is the best option between an employer-sponsored Cash Balance Plan, 401(k), or 403(b) for my situation? 27/US/Midwest
Just moved to a new country, how are we doing and any advice?
Pros/cons of paying more than minimum payments on school loans?
about to start graduate school, trying to be financially independent?
Passive or active investment strategy? What do you guys do?
To what extent does a credit card with a high limit count as an emergency fund?
Better way to build credit - lots of smaller payments or one big monthly payment?
Best place to refi a car?
(US, California) Does the Credit Card company have a legal obligation to notify me when they close my account?
26 YO, help with debt repayment and savings plan?
Would this destroy my credit? Seems an awesome idea, but I have very good credit and am very hesitant.
What should be done with money I have made after completely maxing both a Roth and 401k?
Debt collector attempting to collect on 15 year old debt and I have no longer have proof of payment. What can I do?
Is there an "expiration date" for when a company no longer has to pay you after you leave?
I need to transfer EUR into USD - which site should I use? (IRL)
Tax Help: I live in the U.S. but work for a company based in Taiwan, who already takes 6% taxes of my wages. How do I file my taxes? Do I have to pay taxes twice?
Thinking of selling my car, I still owe money on it - is this a safe financial move?
Tax benefits for repaying employer tuition assistance?
I just paid off about $3000 owed to several collection agencies. How long should I wait now before applying for credit, and what kind of credit should I seek to start improving my score?
Received a dividend after submitting my returns. What do I do?
Where to keep emergency fund?
Long-term savings vs. immediate savings?
Promotion is happening; what is reasonable to ask for in regards to a salary increase?
Move out in one year or two?
Second job changes W4 form?
public salary information?
Good credit cards for someone with limited credit history?
High earners of PF - how are you saving for retirement once you max out your 401k?
Rejected for Chase Freedom with 708 credit score?
Where do billionaires keep their money?
I'm a US Citizen who worked in Vancouver, BC for 2 months in 2013, can I deduct anything on my US taxes?
How badly is this going to hurt my credit score? Just a ding or a major drop?
Just opened my first credit card and I have a 754 credit score?
Best place to keep $ when saving for child's college fund?
Disposable income- stocks, savings or car payment?
How do you max your 401k out?
what if i dont want to use a 401k/403b/ira because they only provided a limited number of mutual funds ?
Trying to help family recover, will this work?
Paying off mortgage or maxing out ira?
"Highly Compensated Employee" limitation on 401k - can someone explain this to me?
26y/o: $115k salary, Max out my 401k, Roth, ~$17k Student Loans at 6% interest. Am I stupid to not pay off the loans right away?
Rich Dad Poor Dad - Collecting Assets?
Should I avoid claiming the Earned Income Credit if I inherited a lot of money?
LASIK eye surgery: can my spouse and I both get it in the same year, or will this be foregoing too much in tax benefits due to FSA limitations?
If I am married, can I open two Roth IRAs?
USAA (Dovenmuehle) Doesn't Quite Support Bi-Weekly Mortgage Payments?
Is graduating with over $20,000 debt for a great school worth it?
I'm heading off to college next semester. What do I need to know in order to minimize any debt I might accumulate?
26 y/o, financially ignorant, have zero debt, and approximately $15,000 in savings; how can I make the most of this situation (or where can I learn how to)?
I am turning 18 in a month. What do I need to know before I begin investing?
Should I redraw my home loan to pay off credit card debt (so I don't pay monthly interest) and then set up monthly "in-full" credit card repayments?
Margin Call on Beneficiary IRA?
Dropping $5500 into a Traditional IRA, don't have time to research. Is it easy to move around after the fact?
house payment or student loans?
First time investor with plans to retire early. My dad thinks I'm crazy. Could I have my plan evaluated?
(IT) What is the best way to receive payment from USA to Italy? IamA telecommuter in troubles
I was over-billed for medical services and the provider is taking forever to refund my money. Should I dispute the original charge?
Is there some way to hoard money to use as income in future (non-retirement) years?
Am i about to be scamed?
Thinking about opening a high yield savings account, is there anything in particular I need to consider?
Transferring small loan to a credit card ?
Should I pay my taxes with a credit card?
In your opinion and experience, what is a good bank (U.S) to stay with when building a good credit score?
How big of a deal is this? And do I have a right to be as pissed as I am?
HELOC and home loan questions?
What happens after statute of limitations on debt runs out?
Is "etrade.wallst.com" trying to phish for my info?
Just passed 70-1/2. What options do I have for the required minimum distributions of my 457(b) plan?
How should I attack my student loan debt?
How should I settle with credit card debt collector?
What is a proper allowance structure to teach financial responsibility to kids?
Is there any point in having my savings account?
Put 5,000 into my Roth IRA... how do I get my saver's credit?
How will a credit card for my personal business affect my credit score?
Need some advice on a poorly performing mutual fund. Is it ever best to cut and run?
Help me choose where to invest my 401k?
Need help on Asset allocation and is it good time to buy index funds?
Best investment vehicle if I make too much for a traditional IRA to give tax advantages?
Hospital suggests I set-up Power of Attorney for my father, now what?
To anyone who has cosigned a loan: What information can you see through credit report?
I just got accepted to transfer to university, and I have no idea how to pay the deficit in costs. I could use some guidance?
How do I go about choosing a Bank?
24, aiming for retirement. Where should I go from here?
I (18M) just applied for a credit card. Any tips and/or things I should watch out for once I have one?
Talking to an advisor at a brokerage?
22/F and sent to a collections agency. What to do?
Help: Max out my 401K or start a Roth IRA?
Anyone know any good books detailing the perils of materialism and wasteful spending?
Insights on my situation/budget? Want to buy a house &amp; make sure i'm on track with retirement savings.
In US, what is the best retirement account to set up for myself?
Can anyone tell me what a non-DDA account is?
Should I check my credit score BEFORE applying for a credit card?
Car Financial Question: Trade-in value?, or pay it off and ride until it dies.
What is the best way to transfer money to someone who lives overseas?
A diversified portfolio from scratch?
How does disputing errors on your credit report affect your credit score? (US)
Girlfriend has 30k in CC Debt, 40k in savings? I need help here.
Can anyone help resolve some of my deep confusion about my paycheck/403(b)/etc.?
2 Months until house forecloses, What do I do?
Can loan cosigners see my personal information?
If a credit card gets closed automatically, does that ruin my credit?
Does investing in an IRA for a non resident alien make sense?
Credit report list items past the 7 year mark. Do they hurt me or help my score?
What are some pros and cons to opening up your first business as an LLC?
What are the best student loan options?
CC application asks for desired credit limit?
Can I (18, student, no income) make contributions to a Roth IRA for 2014 via the backdoor method?
Sell stocks to invest in Vanguard fund(s)?
Pay 3k into Roth IRA or put towards auto loan?
What bank do you recommend for starting a savings account?
Paying back 12K in student loans but going back to school in fall. Want to pay down principle still while going full-time with loans in deferment. Good idea? Advice welcomed.
Should I request another Credit Increase?
FxPro launches pre-paid MasterCard. Is this the retention tool of the future?
Saved up 150,000 what should I do with my money? (CA)
Do you like/use Mint.com? If not what else?
Those of you who purchased a home prior to marriage, did your spouse move in and pay you rent while you were still dating?
Good technical investing books?
Last year at my summer job, I made $8.00/ hour ($00.75 or ~10% above min. wage in NY). This year, the minimum wage increased to $8.00/ hour. My question is, am I entitled to making $8.75/ hour now or ~10% above the wage that I made before? Or am I still stuck at $8.00/hour?
What's the best way to deal with a debt that recently got sent to collections?
[US] My s-corp began 02/14. It became profitable this month and my first payroll scheduled for 04/28. Could the s-corp open a Vanguard 401(k) and then I personally contribute to it before 4/15 to mitigate tax burden for 2013?
New grad, $95K student loans in 2.75% ARM, $50K salary, can you comment on my financial plan?
I'm considering helping my parents refinance their home so that I can use some of the equity to pay towards student loans (Essentially refinancing them). Is this a bad idea?
Does rolling a pretax 401k into your ROTH IRA count as a contribution to said ROTH IRA for that year?
Does a long-term saving strategy leave room for the present?
Where to get bulk Virtual Credit Cards apart from Entropay?????
Just started contributing to my 401k. Do I need to make any changes to tax related things?
Paying down mortgage early to eliminate PMI?
Can I afford a $650 bike? Jamis Coda Sport
General "How am I doing?" Post
What's the next step?
Is this a good idea to get my Federal loan refinanced?
How viable is leasing a car for a short period of time (~3 months)?
IRA or Roth IRA - and deadline of Apr 15th?
Applied for an Amazon store card and my credit score went down 21 points (734 to 713). Is this normal? Is it permanent?
I lost my BOA credit card so I requested to cancel it. Would this harm my credit score?
New job has no 401(k)--how should I move forward with retirement investment?
Can I take out student loans to pay for tuition while I have a 529 (Minnesota) plan?
Commuters of PF, how is it? (Financially and Emotionally)
What can I expect for a mortgage?
should I go to summer school?
Customizable Finance software?
Are traditional IRAs taxed twice?
Would it be wise to cash in my stock portfolio (~$2700) and reinvest that in a mutual fund?
My workplace now offers a Roth 401k. Should I convert?
Is this legal? Some sort of fraud maybe?
Will a defamation lawsuit affect my credit?
Can you get around an employer-imposed 401k contribution limit?
Home equity loan to pay off credit card debt?
Is it worth opening up a Roth IRA with the minimum contribution ($1000) for fiscal year 2013 if I don't have my emergency fund covered yet?
When I log on to NSLDS to look at my student loan summary, the balance is $8k higher than what creditkarma says. Is this typical?
need a crash course on US personal finance stuff. Where should I begin? I'm new to all of this.
I made the mistake of having retirement funds dispersed instead of rolled into a new retirement account, will the IRS work with me?
I'm married, 32, one child, our take home pay is 10k/month...my net worth is NEGATIVE $100,000. Help?
Debt Repayment Question. NOT student loans. This is straight-up DEBT to a University. And, know anything about Tuition Management Systems (TMS)?
Those of you who are/were living with your parents after college (after completion of bachelor's degree or later) what was the arrangement?
22/M with money for use in 10-15 years - Target Retirement 2030 fund?
I'm trying to get a vehicle. Which method of financing is the best option?
401k spillover? Is this seriously a thing?
Should you have two Roth accounts? One with Vanguard and one with T Rowe?
Why do my parents owe so much money for taxtes this year?
Does Vanguard not allow Traditional to Roth IRA conversions online anymore?
Should I start paying loans now?
Saw my Credit score 3 months apart, 50 point drop???
Tax day approaches ... should I fund an IRA to lower my tax liability, or contribute to 2014 Roth IRA?
What, exactly, is due on April 15th?
Has anyone heard of FlexScore?
Does it hurt your credit score if you stop using your credit card?
Fractional ETF shares and Vanguard?
Cost of having a baby?
Accepted to the grad school of my dreams, but with no scholarship. How concerned should I be with the price of my education?
Mid 20's revamp, what else should I do?
Tracking my retirement, is my spreadsheet right?
At what point does an increase in credit score stop mattering?
Can someone explain how HSA/FSA(?) works?
Why invest in international stocks?
Debt wrongfully sent to collections. Worth it to fight it?
Why is leasing a car generally considered bad, but renting a home/apartment fine?
My dad is splitting his joint-policy (car insurance) so I get to have my own. How should I set up my policy?
Should I cash out my whole life insurance policy?
Are there any consumer credit cards that offer level III purchase data, which shows an itemized receipt for each transaction?
Can you recommend an approach to sharing apartment living expenses with girlfriend?
I'm starting grad school this fall. Need to take out 60k over two years in loans. What are my best options?
Where to open an IRA for total novices?
"Your tax return is still being processed. A refund date will be provided when available.".... submitted a month ago. Should I be worried?
Help: My husband owes $65k on a dilapidated house; realtor says he can only sell it for half that. What do we do?
What are some common, less-advertised credit card benefits that a lot of people don't know about (extended warranties, rental car insurance, etc.)? On what cards are they available?
Company doesn't match 401k, worth investing?
My oldest credit card is with BoA but I want to close it. Should I?
Anyway to get annuitized money?
Am I being responsible judging by how I'm spending?
Taking out my first student loan - how much should it be?
Do I qualify as a dependent on taxes if I'm obligated to pay rent?
Already on an aggressive debt reduction plan -- put new monthly addition to cash flow towards debt or savings?
Whats counts as earned income for depositing into a Roth IRA?
My credit score is in the bottom two percent. How can I get it up? (Details Inside)
Spoke with debt collector today. What should be my next step?
Can someone help me understand this credit card application denial?
I'm an undergrad college student with a 529 plan in New York. What are the limits of this resource?
What about tips for improving income?
When looking at a mortgage should you focus on the interest rate or the APR?
[Q] How is IBR/PAYE reflected on credit report &amp; will loan consolidation improve my score?
Mortgage will be in my name. Title in both. Can my wife withdraw from 401k as first time homebuyer?
Help! What all information do I have to give to a government collections agency?
What is the point of short-term (less than one year) CDs with low APYs?
What happens if my kid doesn't use the money in her 529 plan?
My girlfriend &amp; I share a joint checking account, but only I have checks, can I write a check for her tax bill?
I am selling my house. What would you do with the equity?
Should I start investing before I've paid off my debts? (AU)
Identity theft incoming? (UK)
I haven't taken out student loans yet. Who should I borrow from?
If you declared personal bankruptcy, how horrible (or just fine) your life had been until your name is cleared?
What are some easy second jobs/sources of income I can get to supplement my primary job?
Are you thinking of moving abroad because of inexpensive cost of living and if so where would you like to go?
Vanguard S&amp;P 500 fund closed to new investors?
What is a healthy credit limit?
Invest? Save? Need some advice
[just a small question] do you recommend paying off my phone payments?
Why should I keep my emergency fund?
Where should I keep our 6-month emergency fund?
Anyone have any advice for an RMT trying to figure out how to best handle her taxes? (CA)
Using investment payout as collateral for a loan?
Let's say you lose your job or get hit with a big expense. How do you pay for it between liquid emergency funds and credit?
How/Where to consolidate almost $200,000 in private loans? (US)
Working in the oil fields this summer, pay off my student loans or use the money to pay for my final two years of school?
Getting a secured credit card without a source of income?
I have no credit card debt but only have $3,500 in an emergency fund. Is it a bad idea to take out an unsecured loan to completely fund my emergency fund?????
"I Have $[X] ... What Do I Do With It?!" Revised
What are some general questions I should ask the financial aid counselor about different kinds of loans for graduate school?
I forgot to file my taxes in the year 2008 and 2009, how can I fix it?
Inheriting 401k, ideas?
How much time you spend on budgeting every month?
Should I consider contributing 100% to my 401k?
Graduating in a month. Can I get some feedback on my budget and plan?
What happened to my school debt?
How is this possible (student loan questions)?
How can I get money back from Verizon Internet that they stole from me ?
If I live in the Caribbean in Antigua but I am a Canadian citizen, am I able to get a reverse mortgage on my home in Antigua?
How long does it take to build a credit score?
American Opportunity Credit??
Using a 0% check to pay back the same card?
BarclayCard shows my credit score is 40 points higher than Credit Karma's. Which should I trust?
Father-in-law wants to trade his car loan for my wife's student loan? Having trouble with the math...
I told my boss I needed more money, she gave me until Monday to come back with a figure. Help?
Is it a good idea to move?
Can someone direct me to the person I should discuss this with?
What should I do with my downpayment savings if I don't intend to buy in next 2-3 years?
Debt Collection Methods: Calling my work?
Federal Withholdings are KILLING me. What are my options?
Credit repair timelines?
Best way to pay off student loans?
[Canada/General] How can I get the most out of my bank? What services are commonly overlooked?
Can I use my HSA card to purchase a treadmill?
I understand negative marks stay on your report for 7 years. Does this mean it will take 7 years for me to repair my credit?
Do I need to amend my return to count my HSA contributions, or can I count them next year?
How much should I expect to pay for a fee only financial advisor?
Vanguard 10,000 Limit on Roth IRA?
I've come to the realization that I need to cut back and change my spending habits. Here's my income and necessary expenses. What is realistic for me?
How much of your monthly income should go towards rent + utilities?
I won $7k in prize money a while ago, I was wondering what the tax rate/fees that apply to it are?
By investing $4 million, how many years could you (essentially) get paid $100k per year? (conservative and high-risk estimates)
(US) Add additional account to Mint?
OptionsHouse vs Vanguard ?
[UK] What are my rights when it comes to returning a car to a small dealer-ship? (Had it for 1 week)
How much pocket money spending is too much pocket money spending? (TR)
DTI for possible mortgage: business loss considered?
How do you decide if you should buy your stock options? [CA]
Roth IRA @ Fidelity help?
University Financial Aid, Now I Owe on my Taxes?
Ready for a new car, but may buy a house this time next year. New car now or wait?
What's the deal with the 7 year credit timeline?
Had a savings account at BoA as a kid. The account disappeared. Anything I can do?
My parents might be in a little trouble. Can they submit a tax payment without filing?
Fidelity - Profit Sharing Keogh?
How much will I regret moving out on my own?
Pay more or tough it out?
19 year old college freshman, started small business two years ago and now have 30k in savings - where to go from here?
What are things you writing off at the end of each tax year?
Questions about what IRA fund to pick?
Does the frequency of use or amount of money I use on my secured credit card affect how much it will help my credit?
What should I do for a credit card as a college grad?
Taxes on yearly bonus?
Should I start an IRA for 2013 now or wait for 2014?
$20 in the bank and will be taking out ~180K of student loans. Best course of action?
Can you refile your taxes?
Can I switch my 2013 Roth IRA to a Traditional IRA before April 15?
How does student loan forgiveness work without long term economic consequences?
PF users; how late in the game did you wait to start a retirement account?
Are there any tax sheltering accounts I can use similar to a HSA?
I owe NYC over $1k in taxes, what did I do wrong??
Advice needed! I'm 26 right now and so far am doing a good job of saving for retirement. I plan to withdraw approx 100,000 around the time I turn 40. What's my best strategy?
Is comparing a town's medium household income to your salary a good indication of whether I can live there?
should i give my car away to whoever wants to take over payments?
Which country should I open a retirement account in?
IRA advice..30yo, 28% tax bracket. Traditional or Roth???
Should I ignore my employer’s 401(k) and open my own Roth IRA instead?
Can I get a second opinion on getting out of debt?
What is the best way to invest money as a gift for friends' baby, to be accessed when baby turns 21?
Finalizing my decision to go to college, anything I can do now to make sure my student loan debt is as small as possible when I graduate?
How great is the benefit of a co-signer on a credit card?
Is using 30% of my credit really too much?
Student loan defaulted, and I'm being hounded by collectors. Can anyone offer advice or guidance please?
What do I do with my 403(b) after leaving my job?
Company 401k has ~1%+ Expense Ratio. Isn't this bad? How can I get them to change it?
Poor credit score, would paying a student loan with a secured credit card increase my credit score more than just paying off the loan?
"Can the government seize your tax refund to pay your relatives old debt?" Interesting article.
My mother's renters owe $2700 in past due rent and late fees. What is normally done with these cases?
At what point did you break the ice about finances when you are interested in a potential partner?
What to do with excess Roth IRA contributions?
Template for creating a monthly personal financial statement?
Maybe a dumb question. Can paying more than the minimum payment, but less than the full monthly balance on a credit card negatively affect my credit score?
How should I be allocating extra money: paying student loan debt, savings, or down payment on a house?
Was weeks away from paying off my car, planned to sell right after, and a hail storm hit. What's the best thing to do with my insurance check?
What common ways do people end up unexpectedly owing substantial amounts during tax season? How can this be avoided/foreseen?
Kept the same job but moved from NY to Florida. How does that affect my state taxes?
Anyone here use Savedplus.com to save a little extra each month?
How much should I have saved up before I start putting money into a Roth IRA?
Is a financial advisor worth it?
Looking for a trustworthy source for a personal loan. Where do I go?
I'm a student living in an off campus apartment. Can I claim a tax deduction for rent?
How can we obtain a mortgage from a US bank to purchase a home in Canada?
How does PersonalFinance feel about PNC Virtual Wallet? Anyone have experience?
How do we break the cycle?
21, student, and trying to wrap my head around all things retirement (Roth IRA and 401k's) and investing (Vanguard), but I'm dizzy with information. Help?
What would it take for me to buy a $1.2M home on $95k year? (Bear with me here...)
Am I financially prepared to purchase a home?
Denied VA Mortgage Refinance. Options now?
Capital One Quicksilver or Amazon.com Rewards credit card?
How am I doing? Where do I go from here? 26yr old M
Last-minute taxes, common IRA question with a twist. Roth vs Traditional?
If you could only read 1 book to learn about investing, which book would it be and why?
Investing for a ~10 year time horizon?
Almost becoming college grad making 30K, Please help me start managing my own finance?
Auto insurance premiums increased without cause, what are my options?
Are there any good books that provide a complete guide to personal finance?
Moving out this summer, maybe?
Ignored my debts and collections for a long time. Finally would like to fix mistakes and move foward, but I don't have any records, information, and I barely understand my credit report. Help please?
Planning to buy appartment - Does this plan sound reasonable to you ? (FR)
Does making payments towards your credit card too frequently negatively affect your credit?
Best way to start credit?
What do you do to keep your credit card autopayments updated with with a valid credit card?
Should I reconcile negative collection accounts that will stop reporting in the next 2-3 years?
[US] Is getting internet access tax deductible?
How do I make deposits with capital one 360?
Should I decrease my retirement contribution to pay off student loans faster?
Is it possible to consolidate defaulted student loan debt?
Got married: Change W-4?
Financially stable - borrow from 401k to have huge down payment or take a bigger mortgage loan?
Is transferring a balance from a 0% card to a new 0% card harmful?
Do you plan to retire outside your home country? (CA)
Which PF Books to Read?
Does it Look Like I Paid Way Too Much in Taxes?
Is there something I am missing when considering retirement planning?
How is your Emergency Fund structured?
What happens to ROTH IRA when you make over the ROTH IRA Contribution Limit in 5 years?
Quick Tax question: Filing 1040X after receiving refund. Now owe balance. Is the balance all that I pay back? Or do I pay back initial refund in addition to what I owe?
What is the amount (months of expenses) of your emergency fund and why?
Utilizing my credit cards better, how high should I request the limits be?
Personal brokerage to avoid investment fees?
Online Bank Account: Worth it?
Just notified of Tax Lien - options?
Pay off loan or invest?
Should we convert traditional, non-deductible IRAs to Roth?
Car loans, what's worth it?
Lots of debt at low interest, lots of savings, opportunity to contribute to TSP, what do?
Opening a new Bank Account?
Can I be done and out by 55?
Refinancing student loans?
Should we rent out our condo?
Which fund should i choose for my 401k?
New taxpayer, slightly confused about which W2 to use?
What Bank Should I Use?
Borrowing against your 401k ?
Should I close some recently opened cards that I don't need?
I know this is late but is there anyone who can help me with non profit taxes in California? thanks!
Purchased a car from a dealership...maybe? Dealer seems to be acting very shady after the fact.
Student loan advice?
New car now, or a townhouse in July?
How should we structure our budget and finances? We've been clueless for too long.
Help me devise a plan to improve my credit...?
How do you guys maximize savings?
Why not have 100% stock in retirement funds when 30+ years from retirement?
Did he just fall for a scam?
Buying the house I am renting. What should I do to it to prepare it to be rented in 9 months when I move?
Anyone else getting screwed by Alliance Portfolio in Aliso Viejo? (Xpost from /r/orangecounty)
Would you rather have more pay or more vaca?
Save for down payment or retirement?
Is there a quick way to raise your credit score?
Is this considered a "missed payment"? Will it negatively affect me?
Can anyone share hat picture that shows how to prioritize investments?
£3k into my overdraft, need to clear it out! Personal loan?
Had to max out SEP and traditional IRA for tax purposes at the expense of not being able to max out my roth. I know I can't do anything about it now, but is that going to hurt long term?
Selling individual stocks to pay down student loans?
Just got denied for a personal line of credit, advice on how to proceed?
Commission-free stock trading app "Robinhood" - is it a reasonable company? Valid idea? Should I sign up?
It seems Vanguard Index funds are the go-to on reddit, but my HSA doesn't offer them as an investing option. From the enclosed list, what would be a similar low fee let-it-be fund choice?
Why have my Sallie Mae payments been going 100% toward interest, 0% toward principal?
Just relocated to USA from Australia. Getting my butt whooped left and right by deposits because I don't have a credit history even though I earn 100k+. What are some good ways to increase my credit score very fast?
Where to put my money?
Sell truck to get a cheaper vehicle?
No credit, got denied for first credit card, what to do next?
Tax question: How do I know my payment was received and recorded appropriately?
College student, how should I be investing my money?
Working a decent job and in school. I was wondering if anyone could offer me advice for saving my money?
Student Loans - When can I ask for them?
How do I calculate the penalty for not paying estimated taxes on time?
Would you represent yourself in an IRS audit?
Should I set up a 1-year CD for Self-Employment taxes?
Where do you check out regularly on the topic of personal finance or wealth building?
Best credit card with no foreign transaction fees?
Bad idea to book another holiday?
$300K loans-- pay off or use PAYE? ($160K salary).
Analytical vs Emotional - Pay off my current smallest debt?
Whats the point of IRA/401ks if you plan on being financially independent?
Not eligible for Roth IRA: Best Alternative?
Keep stocks, or sell them to pay off loans quicker?
I might be going from an hourly to a salaried position, how can I properly negotiate my pay?
Are Non-Fedral, Non Social Security, State-Based Disability Payments taxable?
Building up my 6mo emergency fund. Where to keep the money? What's better than a savings acct w/ ~0% interest?
Chase Freedom - Supply more Documents?
Cash Advances?
Which, if any, Credit Card is right for me?
I'm stuck in a very high car loan. How can I get out?
I am 21, my father passed away leaving my sister (23) and I with a large inheritance. Advice please?
How to invest for retirement as an expat?
Anyone encounter this situation paying for school?
As an incoming college student will braces set me too far back financially?
It's 10:30PM on April 15, 2014. Is it too late to start a Vanguard Roth IRA and max the contribution for 2013?
Roth ira contribution deadline is today, I have never set one up and have done minimal research should I sign up right now without even knowing what I'm doing?
Early planning/investing?
Exhausted, drained, and need to find a way to move out. Can you help me to stretch my budget and figure out a financial solution?
How much money should I spend on rent?
Prizes and Taxes - Refusal Possible?
How long to wait before reapplying for a credit card after credit improved?
How fucked am I?
What should I do about mandatory zero-withholding tax money each month?
closing costs too high?
Home Equity Loan to pay off Student Loans?
29 year old looking to settle down soon. Can you asses my financial situation and offer any advice?
Should I buy a house or invest in stock?
Balance Transfer?
Instead of Getting a raise pay off my garnishment?
Wait to pay taxes until you file your return?
A little advice on renting?
Cash or retirement?
$7k in an old 401k, Where should I move this money?
What do I say when talking to a financial aid office?
Give unused loan money right back or hold onto it in case of life?
"I will teach you to be rich" by Ramit Sethi? What do you think of it?
Should I buy a condo, or rent?
I won't be eligible for my new employer 401k until January. How can I make due until then?
Using promotional balance transfer to credit card to pay off student loan?
Good 'til Killed Commission on Commission-free ETF in Roth IRA?
Would a debt validation letter settle this hospital debt?
We've built up our emergency fund, putting 10% towards 401K, what now? Save for house?
Do I need a checking account anymore? (CA)
How do you budget for home renovations?
Hourly with no vacation vs Salary?
Investment ideas?
How does r/personalfinance distribute their 10% they pay themselves?
What's the best way to manage my finance and eventually reach financial freedom?
We're planning on purchasing a new home within the year. A job opportunity has presented itself and I'm considering changing jobs. How badly would this effect our plans? (x-post from r/realestate)
How are PF members experiencing salary raises over the years ?
Best way to keep and organize receipts?
What can I do with my savings?
Am I putting too much in retirement considering my other goals?
How much should I be looking to pay in rent?
Roll over school pension plan to IRA or Roth IRA?
Tax loopholes for family-member living in a home owned by another family member?
North vs South Carolina - which is better for tax reasons?
Would like to make an informed decision before considering a new house. I'd also like some tips to maintain or improve our financial health. Can I get some insight please, so I can share with my family?
Sallie Mae "courtesy" Forbearance?
Getting married, combining credit card accounts?
Should I take some time off school to sort myself out financially?
NYC/NJ - Shopping Around For A New Bank?
Should I buy the house I am living in?
20 Years old without credit or a traditional source of income, can a joint credit card with a parent improve my credit?
How do I start a loan business?
Loan officers, what's the best/safe/easy way to get a personal loan?
How bad would it be to withdraw part of my 401k to wipe out my credit card debt?
Withdrawling from a 403B?
Move out or stay longer?
My mom put $20,000 into a mutual fund with an MER of 1.69% for 18 months. The investment adviser told her that the MER indirectly cost her about $3.00 over those 18 months.. am I going crazy here??
I'm thinking of buying a car (Malaysia). At the interest rate of 3%++, should I wait until I have enough money to pay for the car completely upfront to avoid interest?
Financing a new car vs. buying a used one?
If someone sends me money overseas the day before a public holiday, would I still be able to receive it the next day? (AU)
Graduating college in exactly 1 month and getting a salaried position- can you help me budget and pay off my student loans?
I (16) want a credit card for gas money rather than mixing it with personal money like I am currently. My mother does not. What should I do?
It seems like Financial Advisors get a bad rap on this sub, do you guys think FAs are more valuable to business owners than individuals?(CA)
Paper or Plastic? Choosing a Method of Payment.
Is there a stock or index I should get only for the dividend?
Buy a car outright, or use money for a downpayment later on?
Nearing Graduation - how can I set myself up for success?
Can you explain why you use your credit cards?
Accidentally paid my federal and state income tax twice, options?
Best Blogs/Podcasts/Books that discuss Personal finance?
Should I get another credit card?
Totaled Car: Lease "Wear and Tear" Settlement. Advice?
Why is my credit limit so high? (age = 22)
Cash out Life insurance policy?
r/PF, what do you think about saving for a house down payment with bonds in a Roth IRA?
How are my 401k's investment options?
Pay off low interest debts first or invest in Roth IRA/401k?
Mom upset because I was using Vanguard instead of Ameritrade for my IRA. Input?
Does having existing auto loan hurt getting a new one?
Saving options in the UK?
Should I move in with my parents?
Student loans were in default, now out. What is the next step?
Am I on the right track?
HELOC to pay off a chunk of student loan debt?
Losing job in 4 months - should I wait to invest?
Student loan refinancing options for international student?
Paying US taxes when living and working abroad?
Debt realignment from a 401k Loan?
How much does you employer match to your 401K?
My mom didn't declare over $40,000 of alimony received from 2009 to 2012 when filing her tax returns. I'm getting ready to file the amended returns for her. What kinds of penalties and interest is she looking at?
Early 401K withdrawn to pay off dept?
What to do with rewards on CC?
Say you have 100k cash right now. What would you do step by step?
Just got a part time job. Help please with tax withholding?
Maybe it's been asked before, maxing 401(k) early in the year?
How did you make your first million?
Mr Money Mustache's "Shockingly Simple Math"... is my math wrong or is this just nonsense?
Buy a house with trust money or save it for retirement?
What are my options for getting a loan with poor credit?
Too much money in my checking account?
Credit cards: apply for the safe bet, or take a risk and go for something better?
Now that I have a rewards card, what good are my non rewards cards?
Do you use an App on your smartphone to help keep track of your finances? Which ones do you recommend?
$22,900 in debt. Bankruptcy or governement debt consolidation program?
What would you do? 401K with fees vs Roth IRA?
Things getting tight; considering a loan or a credit card. Thoughts?
Take 1000 and open a goal retirement vanguard or put it towards my 60k in student loans, or keep as emergency fund?
smart things to do when you're over 40?
Is 8% annual interest over 36 months too good to be true?
Invest in 401(k) or elsewhere? (Employer does not match)
Is getting funeral insurance ever a good idea?
Why is investing in a IRA or 401k a good thing versus buying a company?
Truck dying a slow death. Is it time?
Just noticed interest accrues daily on auto loan: should I pay more often, then?
What is the advantage of a money transfer service like this between Walmart stores?
Recent college grad/future medical student with too much credit?
Went overboard with new credit card, am I in over my head?
Are There Any Legit Student Loan Assistance Programs?
Is car finance debt to be avoided at all costs?
Am I doing this right? Feedback about 401K allocations needed.
Advice. Should I be doing something different? Critique me!
As a (US) contractor should I charge my clients sales tax?
One of my good friends passed a couple weeks ago. Me and a close group of friends wish to put a fund together for his baby daughter. Any ideas?
What happens if a credit card gets returned to sender?
What's the best way to get life insurance? And what kind?
Simple question: How do I estimate my future tax rate in retirement?
What is Retirement really to you?
Can I afford an expensive car?
Advice on what to do with inheritance?
I need help choosing health plans, one with in-network providers and the other a a High deductible health plan with HSA. Which is better?
Best way to save for buying first home?
Should I put my savings into paying down mortgage principal in a booming housing market?
Debt collections are still calling after receiving written notice to stop. What's my next step?
Are there any tax implications to rolling my 401k from a previous employer into my 401k at my current employer?
What is your financial goal for when you retire and why?
Debt collection agency called me at work. What do I do?
Simulation telling me to stay 99% in stocks?
Credit union vs. big bank?
Considering re-financing $200k in law school loans... am I missing anything? (x-post from /r/studentloans)
Should I contribute to my companies ESOP?
Those in PF that have a car lease, what are the details of your lease?
Advice: More student loans?
Mortgage Refinance w/ closing charges included in rate?
Leasing a car to commute to college from home or live in dorm?
Financial advice needed, is this a little crazy?
How much money do you put into savings each month?
22-Year- Old, what should a smart financial goal be now?
How does one calculate their retirement tax bracket?
Car lease buyout: does it boost your credit score?
Open a new 0% credit card, or try to get American Express to extend the intro rate?
(CA) Any mortgage brokers in/near MTL, Quebec that deal with people who have gone bankrupt?
How do you "pay taxes"? Explanation of question inside...
Is there a sub or advice for people who live in expensive cities?
Taxes: Should parents be claiming me? What do I do...
MyGiftCardSite Visa Gift Card Used Online, Even Though I had it sealed in the package. Nearly $500 wiped off of the card and US BANK will do nothing about it. I have the purchase receipt and the card itself, but they keep giving the run around. What can I do to get this money back?
Buy a house or rent with a term job?
I was approved for a low car interest rate, should I take out more to pay off student loans?
What would be your advice for first time credit card user?
Is there a calculator that factors a more conservative asset allocation as you approach retirement and continues adjusting for inflation while retired?
Anyone familiar with Bank of America's Platinum Privileges?
What bank gives online rejection messages?
To sell my truck or not to sell my truck, that is the question?
Do you agree with Money Mustaches order?
What is a good company to consolidate student loans with? HELP PLEASE
Offered job at Startup with no 401k match, how to negotiate?
If I were to out of the blue, deposit 6000$ into my bank account, how suspicious would it be? (Serious)
I'm 24 and paying into a pension, but I have student loans and LoC. Should I stop paying into it so I can pay off loans faster? (CA)
I am just about to turn 26. About seven or eight years ago I screwed up my credit pretty bad by renting a bunch of property for me and my roommates and then defaulting on a lot of the payments (I returned it all). I got used to having "bad credit". Now I'm suddenly getting credit card offers. Why?
What does personalfinance think of Gap Insurance for auto loans?
Using Roth 401k as emergency fund -- yay or nay?
What suggestions and advice would you give to a young person looking to save/and or invest approximately $2,500 a month?
Starting job out of town - best way to track mileage for tax purposes?
Getting my first car soon. What do I need to do/know financially?
Is it worth it to open a credit card?
Maxed out my 401k contributions for the year but still want to invest, what are my options?
Keep US savings bonds or move into Roth?
Just left college with almost $80k in debt, help me plan my future?
Is it cheaper to sell or refinance a house?
Excellent credit rating but denied a simple CC because the address on my report is wrong, how do I fix this?
I want to ensure my personal finances are in order, what do I need to know? (CA)
How much do you or should you spend on vacation?
Is there a way to automatically rebalance just by giving your asset allocation percentages of each index fund?
am I in the right fund for my 401K?
I’m 24 and I just got my second-ever full time job. How do I handle my income wisely?
Envelope method is too dangergous. What's the best way to save up for a new phone?
Am I in the right 401K fund?
Smallish Trust Fund - What To Do?
My 60 yr old mom who never saved for retirement just received a lump sum of money. What should she do?
Does my Vanguard ETF investment plan make any sense?
ARM, vs Fixed rate?
Father passed away - any (semi-quick) way to find accounts under his name?
Is there a way I can talk to a debt settlement company and receive help?
Budgeting food?
Forgot to include Roth IRA contributions, and my wife and I qualify for the saver's credit ($55); how do I submit a 1040X form for amending my return?
What about renting out my car? I'd love some thoughts.
Do any (free) weekly pay budget sheets exist?
Payed off my two CCs, but I have missed payments on each of them from two-ish years ago (have since fixed that idiocy). What should I do with them now to improve my credit score?
Is anyone here from Ireland who could give me some advice on mortgage?
Fiancee Wants Expensive Wedding. Is This only the Beginning?
Time to open first account?
Opinions on Ric Edelman and his advice/books/podcast/public television show?
How can I eliminate my student loan quickly and efficiently and tips for building wealth while in University?(CA)
Can I afford a new car?
Online Bank Listings of rejected debit card transactions?
Do I need to attach my old 1040 or a new correct 1040 to my 1040x? (x-post from /r/tax)
Can I roll my current car loan into a new loan?
Am I being taken advantage of by Financial Advisor due to lack of knowledge?
Withdraw from Roth IRA and 401K to buy 2nd house?
Are Vanguard "Tax-Exempt" bond funds actually completely tax-exempt?
x-post [r/investing]... What is a deposit account?
Health Insurance: HMO or High Deductible, which is right for me?
Is there anyway to get a student loan with out a cosigner? (25 years old, not making enough money it seems).
Buy a house outright or mortgage?
Does the Firestone Card report to the credit bureaus?
Private student loans and bankruptcy - can it be done?
Is there an easy way to categorize an online savings account (e.g. Vacation, Repairs, School Loans, Emergency Fund)?
I'm 15 and I'm scared as sh*t for college debts when I graduate, any tips to get prepared?
So many wrong things with the whole student loan fiasco. What can be done?
Guy installs air compressor with crack in my car. Replaced part under warranty but charges labor for replacement. Can he do that?
First baby due in November...what 2014 tax implications should I prepare for now?
Parents would finance me a house. Any tax implications for either of us?
Cooking: why do so many people defend not knowing how to cook?
What was /r/personalfinance like during the 2009-2012 Great Recession?
(UK) Are peer to peer savings safe?
My Dad Left Us... Now What?
Could a Credit Card possibly help me?
Pay off my car loan outright at this point?
When saving money, do you tend to spend more when you're using cash or credit/debit cards?
Do I have the right approach?
Finally have over 1k in the bank. How to make it last and possibly turn into something more substantial? (x-posted to /r/frugal)
Tax prep agent missed 4/15 deadline--How can I fix this mess?
Likely totaled my car, fully insured including GAP coverage. What's the best way to get back on my feet without screwing myself up?
Seeking advice for car shopping. In terms of lifetime cost of owning a car, what is the cheapest way to shop for car (specifically a Toyota Prius)... new, "newer" used, or older with high miles?
My parents may lose their house, advice?
Why should I get married?
25 - invest 25% ESPP?
To quit or not to quit?
How do I plan to move back to South Jersey?
Which bank should I open a checking account with?
Couple Travelling Abroad for 3 Months --&gt; How to Budget?
Property tax bill from my old town?
What will look better to mortgage lender; paid off car and less reserves (3 months) or financed car with higher reserves (6 months)?
23 years old. Just came into around $40,000. Questions about setting up Roth IRA?
Bank promotion vs. Credit?
Savings Help - Am I Not Being Aggressive Enough?
Sister listed me as a member of an LLC...what does this mean for me?
Should I consider a higher rate auto loan?
Student looking to invest small amounts of money for the future, is it possible?
I'm quitting my job in two months. Is it worth enrolling in the company's 401K for those two months?
Best way to make your money work (with moderate risk) while saving towards a goal?
I might have been scammed on Craigslist... any thoughts?
I refinanced my car loan with PenFed. Did I save myself money or did I screw myself?
Pyramid Scheme?
Got my Capital One Quicksilver card...but says Platinum on the card?
No employer match -- any reason for me to contribute to my 401(k)?
Should I or Can I Buy a New Car? (CA)
I just got a full ride to medical school. What next?
Am I on the right track with my budget? Is my paycheck allocation wise? Totally new to this, even the least bit of direction would help.
Paying off student loans - the one I'm focusing on usually has $0 due. What's up with that?
Mother-in-law lost her job, is disabled, and gets $500 a month from Social Security. But she has 30k in a 401k and 30k in savings. Withdraw the 401k or let it sit?
Is it bad if I dont pick up my pay stubs?
Am I about to screw the pooch by taking out a mortgage with massive student loan debt, in our mid 40s?
Bill responsibility with new insurance coverage?
Social Security or 401(a)?
I need some feedback on my employer's share purchasing plan. Can you guys have a look? (CA)
What rights does a person working for a company as a 1099 have?
What are some College Saving Options for a 32 year old man?
How much of my income is it safe to spend on rent?
Currently have 1 CC (Amex); Get 2nd (non-Amex) CC?
[US] Advice Wanted: Opportunity of a lifetime in front of me, how to afford it?
I asked if my dividends are automatically reinvested; was told am not a direct investor. help?
How much do I need to retire?
Can my husband give me 100K? Community property state, home purchase, and gift rules
Does getting another Credit Card increase my overall credit score?
Is my situation appropriate to loan parents money?
Anyone have experience with REIT's?
What to do with 401K?
How do I, as a prostitute, file my taxes?
Should I use my retirement fund to pay off my student loans?
To Pay Debt, Invest, or Save?
Where to Put Cash?
How does marriage affect taxes?
$150K in debt: have a job offer and a plan, but might be screwing myself in the long run?
What do you consider appreciating assets?
Book Recommendation for Someone not Entirely Clueless to Personal Finance?
I'm entering college this fall. What big things should I know?
How fucked am I?
If I stop paying my student loans, can they take my house?
Best credit cards for rewards?
How can you find out what the 'going rate' for your industry is? [CANADA]
Running out of money for university. What are my options?
How do some people accumulate such enormous student loan debt?
First student loan payment coming. Please critique my strategy. 1/4 of my debt is lower interest than any other debt, why not take ~30 years to pay it?
Household income around $230k and I'm going to be limited to my 401k contributions. Ideas?
How do apartment leases work when you are not earning a "steady income" (aka, self employed or freelancer)?
Need advice on my housing/life situation - can I safely lose my renter???
I'm planning on getting a credit card and was advised to go through my bank (Bank of America) Is this solid advice?
Was denied a $500 Secured CC, what options do I have now?
I've got about half of my US student loans as variable interest Stafford loans at 2.1%. Does it make sense to consolidate them?
I cannot afford my partnership taxes, what might be some suggestions to give to the lead partner about this?
Taking out a personal loan to cover 6.55% student loans?
My parent's plan for student loans, input?
Use an online savings account for the emergency fund?
Advice for a mid twenties guy making a career change with former poor financial habits?
Does the length of an auto loan matter for credit score?
17 years old high school senior. Got my first paycheck and trying to budget my money. What should I save for?
How do you survive if you are broke, 60+, and unable to get a job?
Newlywed and newly graduated, where to go from here?
Can any owner operators or trucking company owners give me some advice?
Should I take a slightly lower paying job in Dallas from Montreal?
Help me with my 401k allocations?
Feeling anxious about finances but should I be?
How much should I have in my 401k?
Vanguard Roth IRA: What now?
How do I decide what I could easily cut, if I needed to make my emergency fund last longer?
I will be giving a presentation to college students on personal finances. What are some must hit topics?
Can we afford this house comfortably or is it over our heads?
My husband and I are looking to start a small LLC. What do we need to know?
Finance quotes for college students?
My parents are reaching retirement age and are clueless about finances. Help? I need an ELI5 comprehensive resource.
Amex Blue Cash Preferred vs Sallie Mae Rewards Mastercard?
25 years old and I should clear 120k this year at the start of my career. What should I be doing now to set myself up for financial independence and retirement by 45?
Is it worth refinancing my car from 4yr at 2.9% to 3yr at 1.49%?
Can my work let me go for this reason? What should I do about it?
Should I have have an IRA on top of my employer's retirement fund?
Is there a oversimplified after tax salary formula I can plug into excel/google doc?
Leaving home for school out of state in one year. What should I be doing right now?
$500 / month for tv, internet, phones?!
How much would you recommend I contribute to my employer's non-matching 401k?
My fiance just inherited $1.8million. What should we know?
Pay off a balance or wait until I reach my emergency fund goal?
If you could give one piece of advice to yourself back when you were 18, what would it be?
Approved for AMEX Blue Cash Everyday, then found a better card. What should I do?
College graduates of Reddit - if you could go back to freshman year, what would you do differently to avoid student loan debt?
Trying to maintain a good credit score but a 32% balance on credit card caused a 23 point hit. What can I do?
Just got laid off, owe about $6k in CC debt. What to do?
Employee 401k Plan: What should I do?
Rollover, is it worth my measly $700?
Effect of Opening Multiple Credit Cards/Closing Credit Cards on Credit History?
Withdrawing from school, option to pay with a loan or out of pocket. Which should I do?
Dad bought me (20/F) a car three years ago as a gift. Now he can't handle the $350 monthly payment. What to do?
AE having this issue? Can't access account or reset password - no tech support for 3 days and no answers
My health insurance sucks, and is expensive, do I have alternatives?
21, part-time...opening a Roth IRA?
Is there a way to track spending at each location?
Hi, I just opened a 401(k) through my employer and I'm wondering if I can have your opinion on my fund selection?
Why are secured cards good for repairing bad credit, and what should I do with one?
Where to put money to save for a wedding?
Should I invest aggressive or conservative?
Selling Acura RSX for BMW X5. I know its "dumb" decision but i still want to do it. Should I?
Why can't I get a credit card?
What is a good rewards, no annual fee credit card for daily use?
Please help! How in the world do I save for retirement, live life, and pay all this debt at the same time?
Employee vs independent contractor - help?
How should I deal with this collection agency?
What are my options as a 17 year old with $1600?
19 with a few grand in savings, what should I do with it? (CA)
Is there a right way to stop using a credit card (with no balance)?
Do banks give loans for vacations? Would this be a terrible idea?
Can I afford an Audi S4?
I am in $40k credit card debt. Should I consolidate?
How much should I have in retirement 401k/IRA?
10k in debt with a baby on the way, any advice?
What do you use to manage your household finances?
Finance advice, pay off debt, build up emergency fund, invest??
Was personal finance taught in your high school?
Finished off all my loans. How do I invest the extra money now?
Need new roof? What to look out for when meeting with roofing contractor?
Anyone have a ROTH IRA with FIDELITY?
Smart way to pay someone else's student debt?
Any New England redditors able to give me some insight?
Is it ever advisable to pay off high balance low interest before low balance high interest?
College student, have 5k with more earnings to come, when do I actually start saving and where do I put my savings?
Retirement planning software. What do you use?
Quitting my job and returning to school. Is it always a bad idea to take out money from retirement?
If I live with my girlfriend (not married), is our household income our combined salaries?
Debt Collection from Rental Agreement?
To pay off or to save?
15k car loan and 14k saved. Save, invest, or pay off the car?
Would I be better paying off CC debt in 5 months a chunk at a time or using my savings to pay it off?
How much are average monthly household bills? (UK)
A company whose stock I own announced an upcoming split. Should I do anything?
How to bring up budgeting with my boyfriend?
To buy a house or to not buy a house? That is the question.
Payoff Student Loans or Invest?
How much will refusing to pay a CenturyLink contract termination fee affect my credit?
Buy my first house or stomp on loans?
How should I negotiate the 2nd mortgage in my short sale?
Offer from lender to settle $115k debt for $35k... where can I get a loan?
Vanguard S&amp;P 500 + _________ = Vanguard Total Stock Market?
UK Student with £3,000+ spare sitting in my bank account. What should I be doing with this?
Paying off one credit card with another credit card? (With 0% apr)
Dispute consolidated student loans on my credit report?
Car Lease - Did I just make a huge mistake?
Paying rent while living with a group - splitting the monthly rent up by sum or as a percentage of each person's income?
For those who has credit card score of 750 range, What percentage of credit limit do you use?
Is there a significant difference between $85k of Student Loan debt and $66k?
Am I missing anywhere else I can put money?
What should I be doing? (24m/Manhattan)
Are there any circumstances where dipping into your 401k would be a wise move? Maybe taking some out to pay down a house
About to graduate, I have 13k in student loans and 14k in cash. Should I pay it off immediately after graduating or put some away to invest, save, or retirement?
How much should I spend on a used minivan?
What makes the TSP so good?
Accidentally marked that I'm claimed as a dependent but my parents didn't; how do I fill out the amendment form? (x-post from /r/taxes)
First mortgage payment coming up, evaluating bi-weekly principal payments and wondering whether to apply to principal, save in IRA fund, or use to pay down 401k loan?
Is it better to rent while saving up for my ideal home, or purchase a much less expensive house right away?
Should I open compound interest savings accounts (or some other alternative) for my kids?
Renting from a friend: anything to be careful about?
Choosing a 529 - NY vs NJ?
26 year old in the market for an automobile. Any suggestions?
I think my mother may have started a credit card in my name. How can I find out for sure?
How to approximate the market in these funds?
Am I making enough on my rent house?
Would someone help review my 401k options with me?
Selling a new car for a used car: can someone help me with the process?
Should I dump my Roth to pay off credit debt?
Where should I save my "car fund"?
Do I need to worry about long-term gains vs. short-term gains when making trades in my IRA?
Moving from USA to Europe (Germany); Best way to max out USD to Euro transfer?
Is it a bad idea to send payments to the credit card company twice per month to pay down the principal?
Received a medical bill for services provided last year... Do I have to pay it?
Interesting financial situation for new college grad – how much would be wise to spend on rent?
Offer was accepted on a condo, should my backup plan be to pay cash if loan falls through?
Should we buy a house or pay off my debt?
Car accident - at fault - how much does insurance go up?
Doctor leaving medicine -- how to manage my loans?
Variable Tax Percentage On Paychecks?
Which credit card(s) should I apply for? Where? (25, little credit history, USA)
Want to start saving for a new car. What is the best option?
Wife's student loans - start aggressively paying off the highest one or consolidate?
Has anyone had success changing their billing date?
Company is ending 401K - what do I do with money I was investing?
What sort of contracts do you go into when trying to invest in someone else's small business?
15k loan - Opportunity or best avoided? (UK)
I've inherited money. How do I the right thing?
Moving from NYC to NJ, how do I calculate the tax differential?
High school senior looking to build credit to get a credit card. Secured Card or my CU's "Credit Builder Loan"?
Is my Employee Stock Purchase Plan worth enrolling in?
If I have a CC payment due Sunday, do i need to pay it by Friday?
Accounts for expenses occurring every 6 months?
New kid on the way, need advice. Raid emergency fund, or get a loan, for renovations?
If I (to my knowledge) have never had credit, do I still have a credit report?
Trying to repair credit with a secured debit card. What's the best way to do this?
Got a nice job coming up, but many bills the week before my first paycheck. Should I start my first credit card now?
Was recently given 75k, and don't know anything: What should I do with it?
For those of us who might not think buying a house is appropriate, what advice does /r/personalfinance have for housing in retirement?
What is a good alternative to Mint.com?
How bad is it to lie on a credit card application?
How much college debt is too much for an upcoming undergrad?
22 years old and recently inherited money (CA). Advice please? [x-post from r/PersonalFinanceCanada]
Making a large purchase for which I have the funds available. Should I pay it with credit anyway?
Research on what really happens to money in retirement?
Index funds.. is currency exposure the only negative against investing in an international fund as opposed to a domestic fund? (AU)
File for bankruptcy or find another alternative?
Is it wise for foreigners to invest in US index ETFs?
Judgement on credit report - Never served?
Right Index Funds for 20-somethings?
r/personalfinance has successfully helped me navigate my finances so far! My next problem: How do I pick the right credit card(s)?
College student with $50,000, with more to come. What's the best place put it to invest it for a down payment on my future house?
Got a job offer today from a company that will IPO in the next year or so. They offered me stock options at a certain strike price. How can I begin to guess at what these could be worth after the IPO?
Argon Collection Agency?
Why do people assume that they will be in a higher tax bracket when it's time to retire?
Job is converting my hourly wage position to salary; what should be my salary expectations in this situation?
Sanity Check?
Has anyone used this site before? I'm skeptical.
I'm 24 with no debt, 10k in savings and and recently quit my job. What would be a good investment oppurtunity?
Telling people how much you make or how much you're worth - what are the risks or drawbacks?
Why do you think that some people get promoted faster and paid more, while others are stuck in their current job?
What can I do to protect my grandmothers money?
Is there any way to stop living paycheck to paycheck in my situation?
How long does an eviction show up?
What's The Best (Most Reliable and Cheapest) Way to Find Out Your Credit Score?
How accessible are funds in a Roth IRA?
How should i start investing?
Got my hands on $10,000. Now what?
Difference between Roth 401(k) and Roth IRA?
The best rewards credit cards?
Why is real estate one of the best investments for the wealthy?
Buying my first house. My brother wants to be financially involved -- is his plan fair to me?
Is there any benefit to rolling my retirement funds into 1 account?
Balance transfer to reduce interest on student loan. Can someone help me calculate whether I can save money going this route?
Brand new to credit, just got approved for a Discover card. Is my score low due to problems? or is this a normal "building" score
What can I do in college that will benefit me later in life?
Should I Take Out a Line of Credit?
Mortgage question: how does it work if I want to pay twice a month, instead of once?
How Much $$ Should I Hold To Pay Fed Taxes On Property I Just Sold For $117K? (US)
Attending Law School in the fall, live with parents for free or use student loan money for rent?
Living with parent, making minimum wage. How much savings do I need to start moving out on my own?
Pay off car loan with lump sum or make the monthly payments?
Need help managing your loans? Try this.
Are there recommended Financing Textbooks?
Should I even try to get a mortgage? Should I rent an apartment?
How do you make bi-weekly payments on your loans?
Everything is stable. Should I change anything?
Exercised options for stock at a private company... Tax implications next year?
CreditKarma is reporting that my old CapitalOne card has a 0% payment status. Will my credit improve if this is fixed?
How can I be sure I start my life right?
Why hasn't IRS taken my money yet?
Pack up and go? Advice for an "invincible" 19 year old
About to receive $5000. Should I use it to pay off debt, put it in savings, or some combo of both?
Could use some help...8+ year old debt previously fallen off credit report re-reported?
In a good situation...what should I do next?
an Australian equiv of "I Have $[X] ... What Do I Do With It?!"
Keep current house as rental or sell and buy new house?
Is high credit card utilization bad even though I'm paying it off before it's due?
Left government service with a TSP account. What should I do with it?
What's the best way to give $500-$1,000 to a child so it can't be touched until they grow up, but then they can use it on anything they want?
Grandfather is losing his mind due to age; making huge financial mistakes. How can I help?
Graduating college next week. Have a job, now what?
Is there a cheaper place to find hotels than Priceline?
How Is APR Calculated?
Thoughts on financial aid being used for student housing?
I was just expelled from college my senior year. What can I do to finish my degree quickly and without taking in a lot of debt?
Renters insurance claim over $250?
Married with a house and a child. How do you take vacations?
How to not worry so much about spending?
Difference between a 1099 and W-2 form?
What happens to tax-exempt dividends in a Traditional IRA?
Have I lost control of my finances or is this normal?
Need to make a major FX transaction, USD &gt; EURO, when, how, and with who?
How do I pay the right amount of tax so that I don't receive a refund and don't owe anything in April?
Any snowbirds here (live in the south during winter)? How/where did you make it work financially?
Quit job to pursue creative career. Tips on making savings last?
(xpost from /r/relationships) SO and I are thinking about setting up a fund for student loans in lieu of traditional wedding registry. Thoughts?
I am considering selling my car and leasing a Nissan Leaf. Can you look over my work and tell me if I'm missing anything?
How do you set up a long-term relationship for success with a large income gap?
How to evaluate a contracting offer? Should I incorporate?
I haven't filed state taxes in 3 years. I was owed a refund each time. Repercussions?
Where to put money for intermediate future?
I just learned that a couple I know has a $3000 loan with 30% interest and I'm afraid they don't realize just how bad this situation is. Any advice?
Pay off debt or increase savings?
Can you help me decide which college will be the best investment?
Max credit limit?
Should I cancel this credit card?
Beat personal loan/debt consolidation place?
Tax refund applied to previous balance. That's fine!, but.... what about the unrefunded part of the credit?
Loan from family. Good or bad?
Is there a general rule as to how much student loans should be taken out?
I'm 18 and I'm about to get 20,000. What's my next step? I don't have car and I haven't started college. What should I invest in a car? Is there anyway for me to invest to make a profit with this money?
Paying bills with HELOC?
How much does one 30-day late payment affect my credit score?
I need to start living on my own. I'm thinking of getting an apartment with a friend. What should I know?
Is there a list of employers who have a Roth 401K?
Just turned 18. How can I get "on the grid"? (more details inside)
Can't afford my car, behind on payments, what do I do?
[US] How to withhold for summer internship with varying paychecks?
What is the best form for my emergency fund?
Budgeting 600$ for 3 months, car and gas?
Never had money and soon to start job at quarter million salary. Advice?
How to save for a reasonably expensive vehicle?
About $700 per month in car payments. Can I break free?
Getting a car loan, pay off my small remaining cc balance or have a bigger down payment?
When to close a credit card?
Recently came into some money. Should I pay off debts or put it into a savings account?
Do you tip your gardener? Personal trainer? Dry cleaner?
Is it ever worth it to take the hit from negative equity?
Aggressive vs. Moderate Portfolio?
What is the best financial decision you can make right out of college?
Parent has 101K in PLUS loans for two kids. What is the best strategy to pay it off?
What is the difference between deferment and forbearance?
Buy a brand new shiny car, repair my old one or get a used one? (CA)
Can I afford a new car?
Put ESPP Sale Towards Emergency Fund or Student Loans?
17yo recieving $148,000 scholarship - is that taxable income? (and other questions)
S.O. is overspending and will spend every last dime unless I hide it. I have an "emergency fund" but I get nervous hiding it around the house. Is there a way to put money in a bank without getting mail, tax info, etc?
Is there any downside to claiming the Earned Income Credit (EIC)?
Parents of PF, what was your day care arrangement and cost? Any money-saving tips?
How do you use your credit card cash rewards?
I have a lot of credit card debt to pay down, what are the pros and cons of debt resolution?
I've seen considerable talk about the US Bonds being a place to shift investments... Why?
Never had a credit card. How long between opening a store (Target) credit card and applying for a real credit card?
I have $5000 savings. My dad advises me to use loaned money instead of my savings for graduate school. Where is the benefit?
Advice for someone interested in taking out their first loan? I'm new to personal loans, and could use some experienced help!
Should I refinance or wait it out?
How is the credit utilization portion of your credit report calculated?
Pay off car loan now or over time?
About to live on my own for first time ever. How does my income to expenses ratio pan out for me? What can I do to improve it?
I'm 24 years old, and could use some advice. Help?
Solo 401k, LLC, and Passive Income?
How do I fix my credit? (x-post from /r/askreddit)
Should I reduce my 401k contributions?
29 and just started working, can I afford a new car?
Just started working Full-time, and have two years until Bachelors is finished. When should I go back to finish my degree or should I just advance in my company?
Getting bent over, and getting the run around from Uncle Sam. How do I tackle my problem?
Request of no income?
Mortgage down payment account strategies when you already own a home?
How is my monthly budget? 25 years old, single, no kids.
How is my Budget? 25, single, no kids
Anyone here have experience with PenFed Auto Loans? Am I eligible?
Company 401k vs Roth 401k... Which should I choose?
Looking to manage my finances better, what is your number 1 tip?
My credit score is great, but it's not mine... What to do about helpful mistakes/identity theft?
Is the best place to put my internship pay right into my tuition?
Credit Card Case: Transaction without authorization from the university for a cancelled class?
Invest house down-payment in a CD, or pay down current underwater mortgage instead?
I Saved Roughly $6k Over the Past Year, What Should I do with it?
Why am I being rejected for Credit Cards?
Trying to find a good joint credit card with my partner. Are there any still out there?
Barclays banking app?
Investing Help?
21 year old about to embark on post college life. Any advice for budgeting and being financially responsible?
Transferring ~4000 Euro to UK account; what is the best method where the least is lost? (EURO-&gt;GBP : DE/UK)
[VENT and some advice] How mad should I be?
If I don't make a 200 payment on my 10,000 balance Discover card this month it will be charged off. Should I continue making payments to keep it from getting charged off or let it get charged off so I can work with the law department paying what I can without accruing interest?
How to invest $75k? I already have an emergency fund and fully paid retirement funds. Looking for advice on "step 6" of the sidebar FAQ.
[Mutual Funds] 1099B, Dollar Cost Averaging, ETF?'s, timing?
How do my Vanguard investments look?
401K to get a car? Please help.
How bad will an unpaid debt effect me if it goes to collections? It's just under $200 from an apartment complex. I have really great credit, just bought a house. What will it do to me?
When is it OK to ask for a raise/seek other opportunities in your career field?
What's the best way to pay these student loans?
Want To Invest $7,000 for my Newborn. Where do I put it?
I am working out of state for a a few months. What address do I put on my W2?
New to Stocks, where do I start?
We just got a letter that our Federal tax return was used to pay off wife's student loans. WTF?
My employer sponsored 401(k) plan is not good. Roth IRA already maxed out. What should I do?
Chase credit card payment is due before my statement date, should I change my due date to after my statement date?
Get a Frontier CC for the free miles?
Strategies to reduce expenses - Mint vs. YNAB vs. ???
Couples who live together and use Mint... how?
What to do with old 401(k)? Rollover to Roth IRA or TSP?
Recent Grad - What to do about car??
Buying a house $0 down?
Ignore charge offs?
Best way to invest €100000? (DE)
If you had to give someone the best financial advice you could in only sentence, what would it be?
Contributing to Mutual Fund with cashier's checks?
My HSA is with JPMorgan and the fees are insane...anything I can do?
I Can't Afford My Mortgage Any Longer; What's the Best Way Out of This?
Which taxes do I pay if I have to work remotely?
Should I cosign for a mortgage?
Applying for apartment for the first time? Advice?
Investing $5K with wealthfront.com good or bad?
What do I need to ask when discussing mortgage origination?
Does a bank with these features exist?
Where do other highly compensated employees put their cash?
REFI - what am I looking for?
What should I be expecting within the next year or two?
About to be on my own, need help regarding how to do stuff cheap?
What would getting promoted and adding 10k to your salary mean to you?
Invest or pay off student loans?
Getting around self-employment tax? (US)
2nd credit card balance transfer with 9K left. Good idea or no?
Vanguard ETF Allocation for 27 Year Old?
So...what car price range am I looking at?
How should I build a budget as a fresh college grad?
Should I get my car fixed for $1.5k, or finance a different one?
What do you guys know about Overture Market Place for student loans?
How do I save money?
How can I find which student loan lender would be the best option?
Budgeting?
What percentage of your credit limit should you be using?
Just put in 2-weeks notice - How do I choose/setup a personal IRA to roll my TSP/401Ks from all future jobs into?
Difference between TSP funds?
Why do most people fail at budgeting?
Offered job, but currently a sahm. Should I take it so we can pay off debt, better our retirement and kids college future?
PF (USA), should we group questions about car-buying into the "Commonly-addressed topics section?
Never had a credit card, should I get one to build credit history?
Credit card question: add spouse as authorized user or open second account?
Rebuilding credit after Bankruptcy - Mortgage?
Can I roll a SEP-IRA into my TSP?
Why don't I have anything saved at the end of the month?
Roth IRA limits lower for Married couple than 2 individuals?
Has anyone ever accepted a job counteroffer?
Preferred credit card?
Benefits: Good vs. Bad. How to compare?
Short term goal investing?
Can I use my Roth IRA gains, tax free, for a first time home buyer downpayment?
Timing for applying for new credit card?
Any tax implications to switching my Roth to a company like Wealthfront or Betterment?
How to allocate assets in 529?
If my goal was to spend the absolute least on my vehicle in the long run, would you recommend new or used, and sell with value or run to the ground?
Why are there caps on retirement accounts?
What are your thoughts re: paying rent for a full year (or 3 months, 6 months) up front for a discount?
Is there any value in 0% APR, 0% balance transfer, no annual fee cards, or are they a scam?
Anybody get spam after signing up for a Barclays bank account?
when to close a secured credit card?
Is it silly to open a Roth IRA and Rollover 13K from previous 401k into a new Traditional IRA?
Xpost from /r/Tax - Starting 2nd job as a software contractor.. ways to save that money tax deferred?
Credit card compromised and cancelled due to fraud? Bank will share new card number with merchants!
Student Loan vs. Retirement for an Older Investor?
Can I use money my mother gave me to put in a roth IRA?
When is the best time to invest in a CD?
Tax return best use: Pay off solar loan, invest or save?
Does an employer's "Safe Harbor" contribution into a 401k count as an "employer match"?
Can I afford a $750k house if I plan to rent out most of it?
Which Student Loan Repayment Strategy Makes the Most Sense?
Reasonable account fees?
What is "Student loan defense", and is it legitimate?
14 months after I paid off my car (early) I learned I was a refund on my GAP coverage Is it too late to collect?
Budgeting for the future - What would you do in my situation? (CA, NL)
Unlimited 401K match?
(Long post) Am I on the right track?
Cheapest way to send? USD -&gt; PNDs
How to accept the money from selling my company?
How can I build my credit score with such a small balance?
What should I do with my graduation gifts?
Should I take advantage of the College Loan Grace period?
Bought a car last year. Can I refinance?
Graduating college and starting my first job in a few weeks. What can I do to get the most of my money?
[US-RI] What do I do with excess money in 529 account? (Collegebound plan)
Schwab Portfolio Consultations: What should I expect and prepare for?
Any tips/tricks for remembering which CC to use for which rewards?
SETF, credit card payments?
What should I do with my tax refund? (medical student edition)
How impactful are card closures to my score?
How best to allocate money for Grad school in a way where my money isn't just sitting?
Why is charitable giving rarely mentioned in this subreddit?
What happens to my Roth IRA if I get a raise that brings me over the income limit?
Money market or CD - is there any bank-based way of protecting savings against inflation?
what do i do when a credit report fails?
In need of a car. Do I borrow from 401k or try to get a shitty loan with high apr?
How much do you need to raise children in large cities(nyc/dc/la/va)?
Best way to get lowest possible tax rate on a bonus?
Can someone explain bank interest?
Any issue with paying off credit card WEEKLY?
This past month I received a very substantial (&gt;100%) raise, while I had my life pretty much set up around my previous salary. What should I change?
What do you do with 1-5 year savings?
Which bank would you choose?
Best way to lock up your money?
26, how does this look for asset allocation?
Do my Investment management fees seem reasonable? (IMF)
Lucky to be graduating debt free, what next? 19yrs old (CA)
Can someone tell me what currency transaction report is? Are they bad?
Chase Checking Account $300 free. Scam?
Maxing out Roth IRA. Open Roth IRA for wife, or increase 401k?
Does buying a home with the intent of renting out rooms to cover PITI change the buy/rent equation?
About to be promoted to salaried position, what do I need to know?
Refinance to Get Rid of PMI?
What should one do after inheriting close to a million $ early in his or her life (early 20s)?
How does one even pay for instate tuition with max fafsa loans?
How to invest while paying off student loans?
What would be approximate minimum requirements for a 30k car loan?
Which student loans should I pay off first?
Should I go to a payday loan place?
How much can/should I pay for rent on this budget?
How much is too much on groceries?
Rent or Buy at 25?
It seems there is a lot of advise for investing in stocks and bonds. Does anyone have a second type of investment in case the financial system truly collapses?
Could someone refer me to a basic personal finance spreadsheet so that I may begin budgeting and saving?
Where do i start?
Goodwill deletion of missed student loan payments from your credit: Any success stories? Who to write?
Can you clear this up for me? I can't figure out if I'm getting screwed or not.
Cut savings goal or pay student loans?
Is it possible for the government to change the age at which you can withdraw from your IRA/401K without a penalty?
Finance Tips for living on my own?
Changing jobs, what should I do with my 401k?
Roll old Disney 401k Over?
What are some tips for a teenager to help them manage their money better?
Does anyone here know how a life long learning plan works? [Canada]
If you could live anywhere in the USA, where would you live PF?
using an IRA for college tuition?
Not able to make upcoming CC payments for the first time ever, any way to push back the due dates without penalties?
Where does your sense of financial responsibility come from?
The Libor Rate Forecast and Student Loans - Thoughts?
Too many credit cards? Good or Bad.
Investing in a fund that is run by a acquaintance. Good Idea? Bad Idea?
Best Vaguard 500?
I buy a LOT of stuff on Amazon nowadays. How do I track/categorize these purchases?
I have a very long and positive, but entirely fake, credit history from being an authorized user on my Dad's card. What does this mean?
put subsidized student loan in life insurance, is it the right thing to do(is it even legal?)?
What bank should I be using for my regular checking and savings account?
Getting my life back on track. 24 M Going back to school to finish Bio degree. How screwed am I trying to get a student loan?
$15,500 in student loans with a 3.56% interest rate. Thoughts on investment strategies?
Can CDs replace my bonds allocation given the unique situation in the Netherlands?
Why do 401k plans have a percentage of salary maximum?
Compress MBA degree into 2 years or spread it out across 3 years?
When is lifestyle inflation acceptable? Making an upgrade, questioning myself.
Am I On Track? Paying of CC, Mortgage, and Saving....
What are good alternatives to ynab?
Financial House Friday - How am I looking?
Sell my car to buy a new one?
How to deal with debt collection letters?
Should I leave Gov't for Private Sector Job?
MBA fulltime or executive path?
Refinancing private student loans... anyone have any advice or recommendations?
What to do about life insurance policies?
What is the website where you can loan small amounts to people in need at low interest?
You have $4,600 saved from tax returns/work. What would you do?
Can somebody help me understand why so much of my payments go towards interest rather than principal?
Debt Free Life or Retirement Investing? What should be my priority?
So many accounts?
Is this acceptable treatment??
Anything else we could do differently?
At what age should a person give up on building a credit history and instead focus elsewhere?
out of college, working two jobs how can i set myself up for the future to have financial freedom?
What is a good "Personal Rate of Return" regarding a 401K?
Do I need extra car insurance if I have health insurance?
Pay off car loan ($3,700) or keep money in savings?
What is the best way to easily transfer money among people?
Can someone tell me if this should actually be affecting a credit score?
Best way to start an early college tuition nest egg for kids?
(Request) Book for millennials("I will teach to be rich"?) that was posted a while back.
Where to Get a Loan (BTCJam, Prosper/LC, Bank)?
Two Deferred Compensation (457) plans?
Rollover Roth 401k to Roth IRA. Employer contributions?
Paying off a loan with a credit card?
(US) - What do you do after you max out your 401k and are living debt free? In your 20's never the less....
Whats the most I can do for my credit right now?
I recently received a lump sum of money (80,000) How can I turn this into income now?
Should I buy a house or keep renting?
What's the next best thing to do with my extra money?
Getting a real estate agent for lower rent levels?
What's your employer's health insurance plan like? Does mine suck as much as I think it does?
Am I in a place where it would make sense to put $3-10k into a Vanguard fund?
Should I make a down-payment on a car or invest my money?
Investment opportunities for grad students on stipend?
Negotiate car insurance?
Where do we start when it comes to buying a home?
About to Graduate college, with around 11k in savings. What would be wisest thing to do?
I want to open a bar so I need to save $300,000. What is the best way to do this if your intent is to open a business?
I want to start a business that will cost $300,000. What is the best way to save?
Slow contributions to a well funded 401k to save for a house?
What's the difference when an investment is available as an ETF or as a Mutual Fund?
From a PF perspective, what kinds of things should we be looking at before moving to a new city?
Where to invest some after tax cash on hand?
Is there any reason to feel like my money is not safe at TD Ameritrade? Irrational comments and thoughts inside...
Investing in Vanguard index funds through Fidelity vs. actually opening up a Vanguard account?
In 2014, Can you contribute $17,500 to a 401a AND $17,500 403b?
Vehicle Lease Almost Up - Lease Again or Buy?
22yr old with a £16k ISA maturing soon - what to do with it?
[UK] Strange question on a personal loan application?
What would be the best rewards card to complement a Discover card?
Would you commute 40 minutes to make $80 for 2 hours of work?
Is there a website or calculator that shows the what is the best debt to pay i.e student loan versus mortgage versus credit card?
Cash allocation in late twenties?
20 Year Old with Unnecessary Credit Card Debt..help?
Best practices when quitting jobs with retirement holdings?
I accidentally made a CC payment from an account that no longer exists...and it went through. What do I do?
Asking for a raise when you work a position that's hard to fill?
I am thinking of switching to a credit union. How easy will it be for me to get cash at ATMs without paying fees?
Does using a higher percentage of your credit max each month hurt you?
Does using more than one credit card help raise score?
Are identity theft companies a scam?
How do dividends factor into the 3-4% withdrawal rule?
Should i invest my money in a Funds company?
Make sense to buy a NEW car?
I have an under the table, cash only job. Do I have any hope of starting a line of credit?
Those that have moved to an area with a lower cost of living, how has it worked out for you?
Trying to save up money and buy a home soon, any suggestions on where to invest my money?
What do you do to supplement your income from work?
Pay down underwater mortgage or invest to earn higher interest?
Refinance or sell and buy different (car)?
How do I charge someone to sublease my apartment when I can't receive personal checks because I'll be out of the country?
When should I pay to delete a debt in collections?
Refinance for no cost... What's the catch?
I'm a foreign student in U.S., Shall I take out a loan for my graduate school?
Advice for kids re saving?
Anyone experience your parent not cooperating with you on the FAFSA? Hiding the tax papers, refusing to sign? How did that turn out?
Married couple finances: What about overtime?
Planning to move from IL to another state in about a year...savings plan help?
New grad: Using existing investments to pay off student loans?
What are some good starter finance books?
Wife will be going to medical school soon, and we expect to start making a combined $200,000 in 10 years from now. Should we just do a Traditional IRA?
Will be inheriting $600k. Without other income, can how long can this money reasonably stretch, and what's the best strategy (I'm currently on disability)?
My company gives me a SIMPLE IRA plan. Should I contribute enough to get the company match and contribute the remaining money to a Roth IRA?
Renting and Apt. Room cheaply -- How do I get a normal, reliable, person without paying out the ass?
How do I encourage my friends to plan financially without sounding preachy?
why dont people invest in what the big corporations are investing in?
Just moved out of home, trying to get work but I am on the "doll" at the moment. How should I handle my money? (AU)
Taxes for new job?
When is the right time to expand my credit limit after getting a car loan?
Online Savings Account Questions?
My employer has changed me from salary to hourly. I have the same yearly salary, but now I am working 10 hours of overtime each week to get it. How will this affect my tax situation?
Any quick tips for a 19 yr old?
Should I pay half if my boyfriends mortgage &amp; living expenses when I have not been officially asked to move in?
Does a CC that was never activated hurt my credit score?
Do I buy a new car, fix my old one of keep saving money for a new car?
My parents are 50 and 55yrs old and have all of their retirement savings in stocks. How do I talk to them about this?
Phantom Credit Card hurting my credit score?
22 years old, first car loan, how should a car loan affect a credit score?
Homeowners: What's Your Mortgage to Income Ratio? Would You Share Advice?
Contract or Permanent Employee?
I have an E*Trade Roth IRA... now what?
How should I fill out tax forms with 2 high/ish paying jobs?
What's the best way for a 20 year old to invest $12k?
Should I move back in with my Mother? (UK Benefits and Work)
Bank of America vs Ally vs Both?
If I have an "emergency fund" built up, should I raise insurance deductibles?
Am I saving enough? Do I count company match?
How do i go about refinancing my car? I've never done this and need some guidance.
$2,500 value in US Bonds. What should we do with them?
I have no idea what I am doing. Help???
Any PF advise for the third world country?
Why are PIMCO MFs a bad idea?
Should i buy a car now or keep saving?
Starting my first job at a subway, what should I do with my paychecks?
I've been charged two different prices for the same medical procedure. Can anyone help me figure this out?
Saving for a house, engagement, grad school, and wedding. Am I doing it right?
Can I refinance an auto loan with Ally?
Invest or pay down loans?
Young canadian here. I literally know nothing and have been largely irresponsible- looking to change that. Where do i start with my credit score? Anyone have any text explaining what it is, and where i can check it regularly?
Best savings vehicle or options to accumulate gifts for nieces and nephews (niblings)?
Repay a mortgage or pay into a pension?(Ire)
Is it better to have a school loan with ~7% interest (27K loan) or pay it off completely and cut savings?
People who use Simple bank as their primary bank, how happy are you?
(USA) Setting up community checking account for roommates to deposit/pay rent though, advice?
Private Loan vs. Unsecured Loan / Best option to build my credit?
New job - tips to negotiate salary?
First Time Home-buyer - What you wish they told you?
New car and new house in near future. Which is better to do first?
Thinking of taking out a loan, advice?
A question about outrageous hospital bill. Is this normal or is there a way to fight it? DOUBLE BILLING
I need to sign an 'application and promissory note' to further the process of getting student loans. Is it compromising?
Does it make any sense to open an IRA when I already have a Roth IRA?
How much do bad marks on my credit report affect me from 5 years ago if I have perfect payment history since?
Advice on cutting back on restaurants and bars?
How much of a difference is a targeted date fund vs an index fund?
Set up a payment plan for a medical bill in February of 2014, haven't missed a payment, portion of bill went to collections? What are my options?
What are the consequences of a lousy 401k? Is it still better than saving with straight cash or taxable accounts?
53, married, $395k in 401k. Is target date my best option?
Is Vanguard Index Fund only available to selected countries?
How do you feel about REITs?
If you could tell me one thing before I open up my IRA this weekend, what would it be?
Going overseas for at least a few years--should I sell or rent out my condo?
Should I be chasing interest rates for savings/EF account?
Buying a used car, pay cash or get a loan to help my credit score?
How to utilize my salary?
Time for a roth IRA?
Have you ever actually needed to use your emergency fund?
If the credit card company refunds an unauthorized charge on my credit card, does the merchant still receive any funds?
Debt vs Capital: Whats better?
Would a Roth ira be worth it if I can only contribute ~$1K per year to it?
Is this a fair deal for a used car? I'm afraid of being ripped off. (xpost r/whatcarshouldIbuy)
Roth IRA confusion?
Never sold stock before. How do taxes work? Anything I should be aware of?
401(k)/Roth IRA - Am I doing This Right?
Card Fraud: Should I do anything else?
Stuck under a car that is crushing me financially. What can I do?
Return debt collector's call when I don't believe I have a debt?
Rejections from CC's - alternatives for points, miles?
Applying for a credit card at chase bank (I have accounts there) with very poor credit (535). If I am able to obtain a normal credit card what type of interest rate should I find acceptable?
What is the better choice of use for my income?
New here, looking for advice on how to prepare for the future?
Lost Cost, Non-Traditional Investments?
My wife and I are planning on quitting our jobs later this year. Will our credit be affected?
Paying mortgage VS building savings? (CA)
Contributing to Rollover Traditional IRA?
Switch 401k to all traditional for tax savings, including Child Tax Credit?
Looking for US personal finance blogs?
Left my job for another, what should I do with my 401k?
What's the current amount of time required to pass before getting an FHA loan after a short sale?
Is this a good plan for my first year out of college?
Why are Roth IRAs better than traditional IRAs?
Family paying down debt with savings after job loss?
Incentives in promotional budget?
Want to Sell our Timeshare - Good/Bad Idea?
Any reason to have both a Roth and traditional if I can't max it out?
How to calculate how much I owe on a loan, given that I have not made payments?
Data Scientist, 29. Advice?
Program/App for receipt/expense tracking?
Will be filing my own taxes for first time next year; anything I should do throughout the year to prepare?
Does co-signing for a personal loan affect available credit?
Help with 401(k) and Roth IRA allocation?
Is it ridiculous to open a checking account with Fidelity just to get their 2% cash back Amex?
r/personalfinance : I'm bringing my inheritance back to the US From Australia. Do I have any tax liability here in the USA?
How does my 401k asset allocation look? Expense Ratios included...
Selling a car, sale price will not cover loan balance. Advice?
Any down sides to going to the Consolidated Credit company?
Should I refinance my mortgage?
Why am I being denied financial aid?
Hello. I am a US History teacher and I am doing a lesson on poverty. I created a web-based personal finance tool. Is anyone willing to beta test and report back?
My dad died; hand wrote a will 2 years ago (the day before major brain surgery) - step mom (3rd wife - married for 2 years) did an online will for him his last months battling stage 4 brain cancer. So what should we do?
Do you have a go-to financial advise/service company? Do you split services to get a better deal?
What exactly does it mean to be "pre-qualified" or "pre-approved" for a credit card?
Need advise... $6500 owed across 2 credit cards. What should I do?
How should I move money into my savings account if my paycheck will be different each week?
Instead of my parents selling the house, can they take out a new loan for their cash needs, rent it out to pay it off, and gift the house to my sister and I down the line?
Potential new employer inquiring about my benefits with my current job. What do I tell them?
Pros/Cons of a Contract for deed home purchase?
What is the best gift for a graduating student?
Possible to change perception/feelings from $0 to $1,500?
US government bonds - Smart choice for a long-term IRA?
Chase Slate a good temp solution to my problem?
401k loan advice?
Would it be a good idea to use an LLC to buy DRIP stocks and use it as a Holding Company? What would some of the pitfalls be?
Does it make sense for me to max out my 401K ASAP to reap the benefits of my company's matching policy?
Is it worth it for me to remove this loan?
Advice needed: Should we be a one-car family?
Document in the mail: Tax Audit, Bank Account Audit?
Buy a house? High income but not much credit and $100,000 saved
Wells fargo fired me as a customer, will this effect my other bank accounts?
Looking into starting our own business, do we have enough put aside?
Pay off car loan or replace roof?
Personalfinance, what's your current goal?
Parents are pushing me towards buying property instead of renting, is it actually a good idea?
$100 sent to collections?
Beginning to save for a home, review my plan/circumstance?
Question: Using traditional IRA for first time home purchase. Contributions only? or Contributions + Earnings?
For the tithers of PF: how do you do it?
Can I actually afford this car?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to owning an apartment as opposed to a house (from a value and liquidity perspective)?
Anyone with experience with a SERP?
Investments in a third world country?
Advice for struggling student trying pay up for past mistakes?
OT or a second job?
lump sum payment on mortgage or student loans?
Purchasing better car vs. fixing A/C unit?
Fidelity ROTH IRA - Where to invest?
Full Roth IRA w/ 25% fed tax?
Wedding or a down payment on a house?
Opened a CareCredit, now i don't use it. Should I close it or just leave it?
Any books someone can recommend for a College student who knows almost nothing of Finances and Being money smart long term?
Was just told about "Living Trusts", what should I know about them?
Would it be better for me to go into a debt management program or just to declare bankruptcy?
As a person considering to move from Montreal to San-Francisco to work for big tech company. What would be some things that the US differs from Canada, in health expenses and retirement savings specifically?
Unsure if I'm ever going to be in a higher tax bracket in retirement. Is a Roth IRA for me?
(CANADA) Hi PF, it looks like I'll be managing the finances for my girlfriend and I. We're both doing fine financially. How do I go about managing my girlfriend's finances without being too imposing?
I have 15k in student debt. I recently accepted a job with a 15k signing bonus. I have no other debt, should I just pay off my student debt right now?
Life Insurance As Long-term Investment?
I am a grad student that wants to start a solo-401k, what portions of my income are eligible?
Student loan in default- would I be eligible for installment plan if my wife makes certain amount of money?
Any classes or courses, online or at local colleges which teach personal finance to 25-30 y/o ?
Any benefit to 403b over IRA?
Should I pay off my US student loans asap?
What does it really mean that CONTRIBUTIONS to Roth IRA can be withdrawn without penalty?
Is my broker scamming me?
Starting to receive my structured settlement &amp; still in college. What to do?
Consolidating a good option? (CA)
I'm leaving my job in August, what happens to my 401K?
I received an unexpected windfall. What do?
What are the best ways to protect yourself from a financial catastrophe a divorce can bring on?
Student loans? Help me, personal finance, you're my only hope.
No 401k or retirement plans at my current job. I am about to turn 25 and considering a CD. What would be my best options?
What to do with condo? First time home buyer
Ways to make money online with a little money and a lot of time???
Is accruing grad school debt okay?
30 years old - How does my 401K look?
Receiving $14k a year as a gift/inheritance. Want to save all of it. What is my best course of action?
What to pay off first? Bank Loan or Govt. Loan?
Can I please get a financial report card?
Pay off students ($14,800 at 4.75%) or contribute to retirement? Going to be starting a job in August after 6 years in grad school. More details inside.
3 Homes Later, facing 2 foreclosures and a default- How do I get out of this one clean-ish?
I'm eligible for a VA house loan, would it be a good idea to buy a condo with the intent to rent it out?
What is the best prepaid card out there for people with no bank account?
First time renter here, is it normal for the rental application to ask for credit card and SSN info?
I have 15 hours of my Bachelor's degree (Class of 2007) left to finish; however, I have owed my university $12k for the last 7 years and have not been able to pay it off yet. My transcript is blocked, and I can't finish until I pay. Any advice?
I accidentally paid $12,000 in Federal income tax this year when I meant to pay... $800. What do I do?
Completely deplete savings to avoid student debt?
I'm in my early 20s, I have $37,000, and no debt. What am I supposed to be doing with it?
If i overpay my credit card bill, can i then charge more to it?
Considering colleges. How much debt should I take on?
Chase Freedom general credit requirements?
How To Use Our Proven Success System to Put An Extra $20,000 In Your Bank Account Before We Even Launch iPAS2 http://ipas2free.com/20k-replay/?id=dm7888
How much to have left each month after all taxes, expenses, and contributions have been made?
Just took a 2nd job for extra income. How can I get the most from this extra money?
Are we nuts or on track??
Expat working &amp; living in Hong Kong. Which currency is it better to get paid &amp; save in?
I'm 17 Years Old and starting from Scratch, How Do I Not Fuck Myself Over?
Tips for Budgeting Without a Consistent Income?
What Questions Should I ask my mortgage Lender(s)? [x-post from real estate]
What % of your monthly income is spent on your mortgage payment?
I'm about to move out on my own. What should I know?
What should I do to say out of as much debt as possible?
Paying extra towards the mortgage every month?
Going to graduate school next year with no prior student debt, 110K in savings and a consistent monthly 4k income. I have the option of buying my parent's house for only 60K....is it a good idea?
How should I allocate extra funds between my student and car loans?
Buy a 08 Hyundai Elantra with cash or finance a used car with a warranty?
Considering buying a car, but just paid off debt. Thoughts? (back-story inside)
Move out or stay at home? How much should I be saving? Looking for insight.
May I please get a financial report card?
How screwed am I?
Maybe I'm not understanding dollar cost averaging...? Please explain
Should I pay down undergraduate loans, pay cash for grad school, or invest in something else?
How to drop Edward Jones?
Any advice on personal investment services?
Is it too late to negotiate salary?
New car?
Time to start saving, what should I do? (CANADA)
My credit is currently under attack - any additional suggestions?
Just Roth TSP or Roth TSP &amp; Roth IRA if not maxing either?
Should I be paying more toward my graduate student loans?
Changed jobs, how does this impact my 401k?
Is now the time to get a Credit Card?
Remove paid items from report? Inherited 2 houses as well?
how much do credit card limits affect your credit score?
Pay off final student loan?
Only debt is 2 student loans totaling 12k. Pay it off or diversify credit report?
How to start making passive income?
Is it better to fully pay the credit acrd balance off at the end of the month or make multiple payments? ( Like once a week)
How do you focus on long term goals? HOW DO YOU STAY POSITIVE?
Recently married, both employed. With 68k student loan debt, is saving/investing still the primary step? Or should a loan this large come first?
How much should you save before moving out?
If you max out your Roth IRA, can you also make a non-deductible contribution to a traditional IRA?
Buy a small Brooklyn apartment bldg &amp; rent rooms to friends - good idea?
Best broker for a Roth IRA which will have a low starting contribution?
I'm about to take out student loans. How do I manage this responsibly?
29 years old on a late start. I've read up a little bit and came up with a budget. What can I do better?
Should I BE contributing to my daughters 529 plan with pre-tax money?
Best bank for a young person?
Am I naive for thinking I could get my dependency status changed before 24?
Pros and cons of buying a willed home?
what's the best way to lend money to a friend?
Got my first job as a teenager, what should I do now?
Need credit cards to establish credit- which ones?
HSA allotment amount? Please help!
When is purchasing a condo a good idea?
What is a simple thing to help prepare me for life on my own finances?
Are my expense ratios OK? Are these funds even decent?
Home buying?
[Help] 12 Inquiries: What is the best thing to do?
May I also get a financial report card?
I don't have money to donate to my friend but what is some advice I can pass on to him given his situation?
Loan servicer sent my SSN, address etc.. to other "customers". Legal advice?
So what do you need an emergency fund anyways? I mean, what could possibly happen? Hm, how about this...
How should I save my money if I plan on purchasing a home?
Alternatives to Mint?
Lease Ending, don't want it, but do I buy it for a quick buck?
How about some good general information/advice for financially clueless Australian redditors?
Early 20's, single, career job, renting apartment, no debt. What should I do next?
21, have had first job for half a year, but the money "gets spent"; how do I save? (Malta)
Is IBR a good option for someone with six figures of loan debt at 6.8%?
How much should I spend on a new car?
Am I paying my student loans properly?
Am I financially stable enough to go back to school?
Why Aren't You All "Churning"?
Is this a reasonable strategy for “getting my foot in the door” with a Roth IRA?
End of lease is coming up. What's the right choice?
New Car: Battle of Need vs. Want. Should I do it?
Credit score after using the "buy small things every month, pay it off immediately" technique?
What others costs should I work into my budget for a newly built home? (CA)
Videos/Documentaries about Stocks/401k/Retierment/PF?
Where Do I Stand Financially? Advice for next steps appreciated.
My mom just started getting paid bi-weekly instead of weekly. Now the federal tax coming out of her check has gone way up?
Just graduated college, got a full time job, now what?
Prepay students loans, refi mortgage, or both?
Private student loans with high interest rates. Worth it to take out private bank loan?
Post-Graduate Study as a Time/Money Investment: Part-time or Full-time?
Minimal money invested in market, lots in savings account - do I try to time the market or wait it out?
My mortgage broker calls me and tells me I can split my mortgage into 2. Is this a scam?
Not great credit. How can I improve my score/get a credit card?
Does it make sense financially to buy a car OR choose a place closer to work?
I have the option to buy into the family business, what do I need to know? Details inside.
Can I pay off car loan payments with a credit card?
Let's see some real numbers. How much did your monthly payment decrease on federal student loans with another plan? (IBR, PAYE, ICR, ISR, Extended, etc.?)
What do I need to include in my car insurance package?
How can I start my credit?
Am I crazy to buy a home at these prices?
How do you retire from early? My girlfriend and I want to stop working as soon as possible.
Should I contribute pre-tax dollars (no matching) into a 401k or put the post-tax dollars into a Roth IRA?
Help me figure out if I can afford a car/all the things that come with owning a car?
Cell phone bill question - moved from NY to CA with NY number - do I still need to pay NY phone charges on my bill?
How to attack my 90k in student loans?
I've got Student Loans, but I'm still in school. Do I start paying them off while I'm still here, or save up my money and create a healthy savings stash before grad?
How am I doing? Where can I improve my personal finances?
Can employer restrict when I can sell employee vested stock options?
Invest savings - access issues?
Do big companies press charges for petty employee theft ?
Credit Card Rundown and Money transfers?
Married - how to manage future medical school loans? ($240k+)
Payoff car or student loans?
Is it crazy to ask for a raise after 6 months in this situation?
Do I need disability insurance?
Credit card help? - Need help choosing best credit card that suits my needs.
Dip in the savings or borrow?
Question about taking a student loan out early- bad idea?
Is PPLI (Whole Life Insurance) a suitable replacement for bonds?
How to fix a stupid Roth IRA move?
401K with no match vs Roth IRA?
Any help for someone about to ask for a Credit Limit Increase?
Are there advantages to filing bankruptcy after a short sale or foreclosure?
My mother has a bunch of items that need to be disputed in credit report. Doing it through the mail can be a lot of work. Can it be done online? I tried researching a few options but they have "Credit monitoring" scams that she might fall for. Any simple solutions out there?
Soon to be newlyweds. How did you merge your finances?
How much do you put into your child's savings?
I make 50k a year wife is expecting and I want to buy a house for 180K?
Completely upside down in my mortgage, yet I make a decent wage. What to do?
Best way to refinance my house to get rid of PMI?
Building my credit. Never owned a credit card. Just got one and my credit score went up without even using it. I learned that if I use it, to some extent, my credit score will increase. Can someone explain the dynamics of this?
Started renting a house. Wanted to get my finances in order. Take a look?
Should I/Can I get a $190,000 mortgage to buy a 2-family if I make $46,000 a year?
How do I convince my mom not to buy a car with a payment plan that is 40% of her gross?
Should I invest in shares or pay down mortgage?
Advice for a newb on reaching my long-term passive income goals?
When you try to raise your CC limit, what are you supposed to say when they ask you by how much?
What do you think about living with your parents?
Saving instead of a Mortgage; A good idea?
Which 401k funds from this list would you pick?
What are good short-term and long-term options of investing roughly $100k?
I want a divorce. Young (20 F) in a city with high cost of living (DC). About to close on second home. Unsure if I am financially sound enough to back out of the new home and separate independantly. Can I make it work without help?
I am soon to inherit £21,000. How can I make this money go further?
Selling house, mortgage transfer for a new one?
New question: I just came across about 50k after selling some property. I assume it's the better option to pay off my student loans (college+medical school) than to invest right?
Apply for a student card?
What mobile phone plan should I get when my current contract expires?
Is there anything I should be doing when I'm too broke to do anything else? Can I afford this car?
What happens to your credit score when hard inquiries expire?
I have HMO through work, but they also offer HaUSA plan. Can I have both?
How can I successfully finance my 401(K) throughout my balance to afford my aforementioned lifestyle adequately?
How do you balance being young and able to make retirement investment risks with being poor?
I have insurance through my job, but can I get an HSA as well?
Is it smart to open another credit card at this point?
What are your thoughts on Dave Ramsey? I see a lot of people here seem to have similar opinions as his and wonder if a lot of you are graduates of his financial peace university...
What is the smartest thing I can do?
Maxing out 401k, is it always a good idea?
I just got fired from my job, what do I do with my 401K?
if withdrawing from IRA (or 401k) to buy house, does that count as income?
First real job. How much of my paycheck will I get to take home?
Justified, or unjustified?
Post-tax investing - is there a guide for those who have no earned income or tax related incentives around investments?
If I enroll in a high deductible plan and open an HSA, what happens to the HSA if I decide to roll in a more comprehensive lower deductible plan in 1, 5, 10 years from now?
Any tips to start living well by myself?
Recommendations for renter's insurance (100k)?
How do you balance home repairs against other financial goals?
Tried to use annualcreditreport.com , got my report but lost it. How do I re download or re print? There doesn't seem to be any options for this.
why do so many people on here invest in rental property?
Fiance's company is requiring us both to move our Roth IRA's to Company-approved providers. Recommendations?
Do I have any options? 50k in CC debt. 100k income. Only 20k equity in house.
Steps to set up taxes, etc. for an LLC?
Moving back to Canada after working overseas, and wondering how best to split my savings between buying a house, car, and opening retirement fund?
Work 401k is switching from Vanguard Signal to Vanguard Admiral. What is this?
How can I choose the IRA that works best for my situation?
$850k windfall, is it time to buy a condo?
Im 19 and will be moving out into my first apartment this year, what should i know before i move out?
Who's better off: State Income Tax or Not?
How can I handle my financial post-grad position? Feeling screwed...
If I give an energy efficient appliance (that is eligible for a tax credit) as a gift, who can claim it on their taxes?
Can I use early withdrawal to MAKE money with the Thrift Savings Plan (TSP)?
Starting a business and buying a house... but how?
Best way to manage $2200 in credit card debt?
I just got fired, how do I file for unemployment?
What can I do to increase credit score (from 745-ish) with aim to buy house in next 10 - 24 months?
Is paying off credit card before monthly statement detrimental?
Why does my FICO have such wide swings from month to month when my credit profile isn't changing?
eMobile Code Review - Does it system works or Scam Or Nothing?
Does anybody have experience buying homes through the "HUD program"?
Specific mortgage underwriting question: does high credit LIMIT hurt chances of mortgage?
Can I afford this home?
[Advice needed] Take the pension or not?
At 25, I have no credit whatsoever, if what multiple credit report outlets have shown me is true. Where to start?
Is this an acceptable risk?
My biggest expense is food. Mostly because i hate planning and shopping, so i eat out or frozen crap. Is there a website that tells me what to buy and cook so i dont have to deal with it?
Consolidate student loans?
Spouse is skeptical/non trusting of banks/investing. How do I make him see the necessity of it?
Own a home, rent another, Am I doing this right?
My Fidelity taxable portfolio - good or bad?
What should my savings goal be to go to grad school?
Low income, low bills, some loans, I am moving from the US to Canada, what should I do?
Will we ever be able to buy a house?
Need to downgrade my cars. How to pay off two vehicles in order to sell them?
New Job - 401(k) and Forever Home Advice?
Student Loans suck, Can someone offer advice for someone who has made bad financial decisions?
Never had a loan, only have credit history of &lt;2 years. Why can't I get a loan?
What do I do now?
Plans to buy a car. Is this smart?
Credit card for a 19 year old to use for gas and building credit?
Graduating in a year with ~$200,000. Any advice?
Best options for funding the initial software development for a startup business?
Received a $5,000 bonus. No upcoming financial obligations. How can I maximize it?
Why is it better for tax purposes to have bonds in a retirement account rather than taxable?
What's the smartest way to pay down these debts?
[SERIOUS] Anyone know a company that grants personal loans post-bankruptcy? (USA)
Internship tax question. File as Dependent or not?
Debt Is Gone - What's Next?
What to do with my money?
How fast should I try to pay off my interest free student loan? (NZ)
Received about 1M from a startup I co-founded. Should I buy a house?
Take out grad school loans to pay off higher interest loans?
Parents' credit card account that I was temporarily an authorized user for appearing on credit report, should I attempt to get it removed?
Should I pay off my car? and any suggestions on what to do with some cash in savings?
Considering taking over someone's apartment lease - what should I know?
My income has more than doubled. What do I need to know?
Makes sense to buy a Passat TDI Diesel? (45 MPG)
27 - Great job (~190k), good credit, lots of student loans (~120k), some reserves - best strategy?
Grad student, student loans and some extra money. What to do?
2m profit from a real estate sale. Pay taxes or do a 1031 exchange?
Cash Flow Problems that are directly affecting my 401k and increasing my APR for loans. Help?
Sell an investment property to pay off debt?
When people suggest you allocate x% of your budget to something (retirement, rent etc) do they mean your gross or take-home income?
Just graduated - A lot of loans... how do I save $?
Are there any downsides to a fee-based financial advisor?
20M looking for advice on first credit card. Help?
What is the object of MicroCredit Business Scheme?
Will not paying off a 0% APY credit card lower my credit score?
How can I make some extra cash?
What's the maximum percentage of my income that I should spend on rent?
More strict moderation on top level comments?
I have $71k in student loans, parents are willing to put $10k towards them. What's the best way?
UPDATE: Borrowing against 401k to flush CC debt?
Advice on finding and then interviewing a financial adviser? / Some specific advice as well.
I'm 21, have some windfall money, want to use it for grad school in ~2 years. Is it worth it to invest? Or any other advice?
Should portfolio allocation be based on all of your money or separate portfolios for each goal?
I filed bankruptcy, now what?
Rolling over high fee account to Vanguard Roth. Advice?
Switched medical insurance about a year ago and had several 1-$200 collections pop up. This dropped my score to a 595. My only existing debt is a 77k mortgage (never late) and I'll have 30k cash off it's pending sale. Who will grant me an FHA loan? Income 60k, 401k 40k, age 27.
Should I Move Out? (22 M, NYC)
How do you calculate the best setup for a term life insurance?
401k Loan for part of home down payment?
I did not file my 1099 in 2009 and '11... what now?
My company got sold....what happens to my 401k?
Moving soon without a job yet. Advice?
How nice of a car can I get on a 100k salary?
Traveling abroad: best exchange rates?
Is making payments on my sallie mae student loan building my credit?
Soon to be college graduate, graduating with no debt what so ever. Now what?
I have $20k sitting around doing nothing. What's the best 5 year investment?
What should I do with my oldest credit card?
I have 25k and want to turn it into 100k in the next 4 years. Least risky ways to do it?
Advice on existing auto loan?
How do I find a financial adviser?
30 yo couple - Financial advice?
Least icky/evil bank with a SWIFT code?
supplementary income during medical residency? Help!
Opening a new line of credit vs increasing my current line of credit. Pros and cons?
How to split up investments between 401k and Roth 401k?
Do you see a way out of my bad loan?
Emergency Fund investment while maintaining liquidity?
Do multiple transfers from savings to checking account look "bad"?
Buy a condo or save for MBA?
5k in Savings Bonds. Is my dad making the right decision?
25 yo, just paid off student loan, gearing up for grad school. How to invest $35k?
What do I do with my car?
I have savings in a trust that I've had since I was ill as a child. Any advice?
What is my real student loan interest rate?
My credit history is both short and abysmal. How do I start rebuilding?
How would you allocate $100k - $200k? Here are our goals:
What happens if I take out an auto loan and end up buying a car for less?
Anyone else been disappointed by an on the Air call to Dave Ramsey?
Are we ready to buy a house? What size should our emergency fund be?
Made a Roth at TD Ameritrade. ETFs or Mutual Funds?
(CA) University drop-out; great job has landed in my lap, and I've been rocking it for a year. My old debt is now paid off. Should I go back and get a (totally new) degree or certificate, or should I plug away at this?
Vanguard 401k: How do I choose the right mix of domestic and international funds?
Max 401(k) and IRA - what else can I do?
Should you buy a flat or rent?
Do I need to pay a student loan in UK?
Can you opt out of the Vanguard Retirement at a later date?
Realistic Help for Poor People?
Best financial/investment news, market watch, and investment statistics resource?
Denied Chase Freedom application due to "Insufficient Credit History" - what are my options? [First CC]
Deductions are more than cost of home, do I still pay taxes?
Health Insurance Denying my Claim, Provider said they accepted my insurance before I saw the doctor... help?
Is it worth refinancing with SoFi?
What now?
Moving to Mexico from the US for a year or two, what's the best way to handle my finances while there?
I'm a single and perpetually broke mother. Does anyone have any helpful tips for saving money?
Identity fraud?
How do I pick a Credit Union?
How to get past Credit Report Companies Scammy Behavior?
Does my plan work for someone with a low wage job?
Fresh out of school and moving to the US to start a career, advice?
What are some financial tips you can give someone who has a bad credit score?
Probably going to recieve ~$750k in cash from selling some shares in my company and get a raise to about $180k/yr. How can I prepare for this?
Two loans, same rate, different amounts. Optimal way to pay?
Arguments for cash emergency fund?
Maybe this is the wrong subreddit but where can I get student loans?
My mother is thinking of getting a 5 thousand dollar loan from lenders club to pay her multiple credit card (That way she only has to make 1 single payment a month). Is lenders club a company that's trust worthy?
What is the ideal amount of funds to allocate money into for a 401K?
Wanting to start contributing to my 401k, which of these plans should I pick?
Student here, Landlord (?) Company(?) have not been taking my rent and I don't have money to pay back if they ask to do so in the future.
Should I accept my parent's offer on buying an apartment?
Is a budget even possible?
Personal finance flow chart?
What should a scholarship college student do to put himself in the best financial position?
help with some ee bonds?
To move up in housing or not to move up?
Can I transfer credit history, from an old to a new card? Same bank.
In what situations does it make sense to max out Traditional 401K Contributions?
Do I need to file quarterly SE tax if I am also W2?
How can I safely start to build credit? [24yrs old]
How to calculate Index Fund Ratios (for yourself)?
Taking a year off after high school to make money. What is my best choice moving forward with that money?
Married, 23, graduated college, started a job in January. How can we improve our budget?
Using retirement to pay off high interest student loan?
Put aside effective tax rate from contractor income?
Should I take out a second mortgage to clear my debt?
What happens when you exceed the 401k max?
Has anyone here tried RelayRides for earning extra income?
why do rich people have lines of credit/loans?
I found out why my credit score went down, But when will it go up?
What should I do with my Roth IRA Mutual Fund?
Which one should I pay first? Credit Card debt or prepay IRS Installment Plan
I want to save a million dollars, how long will it take?
Can anyone clear up how Inheritance Tax works?
Switching to Simple Bank from a joint account?
Should I start a Roth IRA if I expect to be over the income limit in the next 2 years?
I want to purchase an instrument that's about 250$. Should I get a loan? [Teen living at home]
Is there an online calculator for retroactive retirement savings calculations?
What happens to my monthly payment when PMI is removed?
Any ideas on how to improve my budget?
Almost paid off credit cards, but still want active credit activity. Advice?
How do I file income from a settlement without a W2?
Advice? Lost my car
Best bank for a college student who will move around a good deal in the next couple of years? (US)
What's your favorite online app to track bills, bank info, loans, spending habits etc. Basically an all-in-one finance management application?
Pay Loans or keep Equity?
Campaigning for better retirement plan at work: Conversion from 401k to SIMPLE IRA, what to be aware of?
Is there a smart way to use rewards cards or similar for $6500 worth of wedding spending?
I inherited a house... now what?
I will be renting a new apartment soon and want my credit score to increase before then. Should I stop paying into my emergency fund and decrease credit card balance ASAP?
Have $25k in the bank, no debt, and virtually no expenses, but also no job. What should I be doing?
What kind of food do you make (for cheap)?
Can someone help explain these 401k fees to me? They don't match up with my expense ratios
Any CFP's in the house?
Bought merchandise at a store, paid with card, and money was taken from my account but store did not receive?
My bank just sent me a Form 5498 from 2013. I've already filed my 2013 taxes. What do I do?
Earning interest on student loans? (UK)
Does this refi make sense?
Any good audiobooks on investing?
For the love of God, why are the numbers so complicated?!?
Student with a part time job applying for my first credit card, do I put student or part time for employment status?
28 (F), Am I doing it right and how can I improve?
What to do if the beneficiary of an estate is incapacitated? Where does the money go?
Find my 401k?
About to accept a corp to corp employment contract...wat do?ue
About to get married, family pressuring us to buy a home. Give me ammo to tell them why not?
What to do with 15,000?
Single dude, 26, nervous about an increasing rent payment, but I think I can manage. Am I fooling myself?
House Swap with parents?
Will there be repercussions if my family member write me big check monthly and I deposit in my bank?
$7500 parked in my RRSP, just coming out of a GIC. Where should I put it next?
Transfer Trad IRA to Trad IRA by liquidation; will I end up getting taxed on the gains?
New(ish) to the USA - Credit score still hurting. Any ideas?
Dual-loan payment schedule for least interest?
Who should I see about advice on money coming in from out of State?
First year as landlord with high income (150k+) &amp; I'm told I am not able to claim depreciation from rental?
I'm young, financially stable, and I have a good job... what now?
Quite a bit of debt, best way of paying it back?
529 plan or a ESA to save for educational expenses for my newborn?
Just found out I don't qualify for a Roth IRA, what should I do instead?
What's a good target amount for retiring somewhat comfortably at age 60?
Cashing "fraudulent" check? Possible money laundering ring I've found myself in.
What's the best way for my family to help me pay off my house? Can they just write a check for 50k to the mortgage company?
Should I cash out my savings bonds and invest the earnings?
(CA) 18 years old, should I start building my credit?
Higher rent vs. longer distance driving?
Pay off a car early?
(CA) Renting for the first time (Greater Toronto Area, Ontario), what expenses should I consider in my budget?
Mortgage payment calculator for ARMS where you can manually enter rate after it adjusts? Can't find anything suitable
Decent combination of assets, debt, and income. How can I get the most out of this?
Is it wise to have over $1M in a single brokerage?
Bank Error In My Favor?
Two of my credit cards track my credit score, but they show different numbers (by 40 points). Why, and what do I do?
Should I get a part time job or pay expenses with student loans?
Continuation of a judgement. Can it effect mybcredit?
Came into a little bit of money... what is the best way to utilize it?
Want to get a car from Carmax-anything I can do to get a low APR %? And other financing questions...
How often do you check your investment accounts?
Baby coming in Sept, wife wants to reduce her hours, can we swing it?
What credit unions can you join that don't have employment requirements?
Useful Debts?
I need a small amount of money to move. How should I go about obtaining that money? (loan question)
Funded a Traditional IRA over the weekend, moved the funds to a Roth IRA today. Tax implications?
I want to use my credit card balance transfer 0% rate to pay chucks of student loans... how dumb/smart is this?
Am I saving enough?
Delivering Pizza as a part time job worth it?
Any advice on going back to school?
What should I do about FSA when I'm unsure how much money, if any, my spouse will make this year?
For those who receive sizable taxable gains from investing in Vanguard index funds, how do you handle your taxes?
How do I decide the appropriate amount of money to spend on grad school in my situation?
US government randomly deposited money in my bank account???
Loans to pay off debt?
Judgement renewed on 11 yr old debt. Will the judgement reappear on my credit report?
(US) How much to spend on lunch with friends/coworkers?
Comparison: employee versus contractor?
How can i better organise my finances? (AU university student)
Questions to ask a financial advisor?
Found out baby #2 is on the way, WTF do I do financially?
What would be the best course of action for someone my age? (19)
How can I tell if my credit report has been accessed this year?
What side jobs do you do for income that doesn't involve online / ecommerce?
worth it to convert inheritance to us dollars?
My father trusts me now, do I trust myself? What's the right thing to do?
Where to put money for 1 year?
Can someone explain what taxes i have to pay as a 16 year old?
Unsure of what to pay off to build credit. Should I pay off old collections or current high apr car loan?
What is the most possible equity leverage I can employ out of my IRA?
How long should and did it take you to fund your emergency fund?
What's my best option to build wealth in my situation?
What side jobs do you do for income that DOES involve online / ecommerce?
Issue with Bank - I am beneficiary, but they are giving money to my step mother? British Columbia, Canada
[US] Accidentally paid my credit card with the wrong checking account. Did not have enough money in account and got dinged for $25. Will this hurt my credit score?
How old were you when you opened your Roth/Traditional IRA?
Is my student loan in default? Sent to debt collectors. Please help.
Should I contribute to my 401k if I do not plan on being there long enough for it to be vested?
27 and first full real job, how to start building savings?
Why have ETFs not made Mutual Funds obsolete?
[25M, MD] I think I want to start over. How do I enter a new field?
Possible inheritance dispute - any advice?
What should I invest in?
How many cards is too many?
Possible Financial Mishap?
Filed my federal taxes, but not state, can I still get my state return?
Am i thinking wrong? My situation
Internship salary negotiation?
What side jobs do you do for income that DOES involve online / ecommerce?
What is the best way to start off my credit history if I'm in college?
I need a credit card to build my credit...suggestions?
My parent's Comcast bill is ~$200, this seems steep considering their Triple Play used to be $100, can anyone tell me if they're being ripped off?
Save for emergency, or pay off debt?
Graduating soon- Plan to use rental property to pay off student loans and the rental property itself within 5 years- Will this plan work?
Wanting to pay my student loan off before end of 6 month grace period. Wise?
Hey PF, what is something you spend money on that you know isn't really a wise way to spend your money?
Going to be on my own for the first time - what should I do?
Went to university for 2 years - Had to leave because couldn't get more loans. Where do I go from here? I really need advice.
Best possible option for taking out a loan or credit card?
Just graduated college and got my first job. I have no debt and a small savings of around $2k. The job pays $23400 a year but totals out to be $35000 with benefits. I need a car ASAP though. How should I proceed?
In two years I will be debt free, but where do I go from there?
Fiance is applying for private student loans for nursing school, any recommendations for an institution?
US citizen working and getting paid in Korea. Where do I put my money?
new to not having to live paycheck to paycheck. how do I reduce debt safely and maximize savings?
Help Starting Out?
Keeping credit utilization 30-50%? Tips for 1st CC?
Inheriting some money, quick question: When you get rid of a money manager, you just take over the accounts along with open positions, right?
I'm in a position where i'm going to have to take out a small loan. How screwed am I?
My husband and I drive cars into the ground. Is it better to buy new or used?
Surprise Collections Notice - What to do?
Hey PF: What is your salary, what do you do, and how long have you been doing it?
"What the hell is the POINT of a budget? To DEPRIVE me of everything?"
Chase Receivables?
Am I on the right track? Do I need multiple bank accounts?
Fast talking collection agency rep has me anxiety ridden, what are my options?
How to curb impulse spending?
Setting up a savings account for my nephew?
Does a balance transfer to a new credit company close the original card?
How are taxes applied to an IRA recharacterized as a Roth later in life?
how is everyone getting such great auto loan rates?!
I get paid Bi-Weekly. My first pay check was for 1 week of work. My second pay check is now for 2 weeks. However, my second paycheck (for 2 weeks) is not my first paychecks (for 1 week) multiplied by 2. Can someone please explain why?
Has anyone transfered balances from once CC to Amex?
I have about 50k in student and auto loans. What should I pay off first?
Refinance Student Loans?
Accomplished our goal of buying a house. Now what?
Saving now at careers to start own business later?
World travel financial questions. Help balance adventure with financial responsibility?
What to do with expat new hire bonus? Payoff underwater House to sell or rent it? Rent and invest? I'm so confused...
Came into some money that's outside of my strategy. How can I integrate it into my portfolio?
Weird idea I have for paying off my mortgage faster. Would this work?
My stock portfolio is approaching a value greater than the balance on my mortgage. Should I aim to pay off my mortgage completely and get this major debt out of the way?
Should I withdraw money from an IRA for expenses while in school?
Airline Rewards Credit Card?
What is UPromise, and is it worth signing up for?
Best first credit card to start building credit? (or does it not really matter??)
What is your bare minimum budget?
Baby on the way. What are some PF tips that will make things easier?
International Student unemployable for the summer, starting a low-stipend PhD program in the fall. How could I best use my soft-skills (writing, research) to make $$ online to feed myself over the summer?
Any advice on dealing with crippling Private Student Loans?
Opened a Traditional IRA... Is it worth transferring to Roth or should I keep it as is?
Just came right-side-up on a car... but now what?
Out of options. Think I'm filing for bankruptcy. How can I mentally and financially prepare for this?
Need a bit of advice - Should I sell my house &amp; rent or stay in this cash-poor situation ?
Switching banks hurt credit?
Someone told me I should invest in my HSA. How does that work, and should I actually do it?
Work to pay off CCs, or continue 401(k) contributions?
My work has paid for a CORE Financial Wellness by Dave Ramsey account for me. Any experience with his financial advice?
How do Suze Orman and Dave Ramsey differ in their personal finance outlook?
"Your Form 5498 is now available on vanguard.com" -- huh?
Girlfriend has 300k in debt..... What to do?
How do I know what I should be making?
Entering College and want to open first banking account, are their any specific banks I should check out that are catered to students (e.g. better benefits than others)?
Would you consolidate your debt in this fashion?
Drowning In College Debt some of which is in my Dad's name some in my own. What can I do?
Take an extra year or two with school, or take out another loan?
Assessing a new position inside the company. Ask for a raise?
What to do if no 401K match? Roth is already maxed.
How to handle big expenditures all at once?
How do I become a 'Money Coach'?
Making about $15,000 this summer. Pay off car or save for downpayment on condo?
Offered Job in TX or a moderate raise in CA: Which do I take?
Should I take out a loan for a car?
How are we doing? Are we on the right track?
Tried to file college stipend on Line 1 of 1040EZ, IRS auditing me, they think it should be reported as Self-Income ... help?
General Financial Advice for Young(ish) High Earner?
What to do with my rollover IRA?
I am a stripper single parent with some debt. Can you help me figure out how to make the best of it?
Is a 15 year Mortgage ALWAYS better?
Is it legal to just spend money that you find in, say, a dumpster?
32yrs old, male, zero debt, around 55k in savings, 100k p.a salary. How and where do I start ?
(CA)Worth it to continue in College or cut my losses?
Student Loan Approval Questions?
Smart ways to invest $100k?
I'm becoming a trucker, expecting to earn ~20k first year after taxes, living with parents, no debts. What do I do to start off with investments and retirement plans?
Am I doing the right things?
Just graduated and need a car. What's reasonable?
Will I ever be able to pay off student loans?
Is it smart to spend 15k on a used car?
Is $15 an hour considered a decent wage?
Is negotiating salary appropriate for an internal dept move?
Is there a good rule of thumb as to how much you should be keep on hand in savings vs. in illiquid investment accounts?
Private student loan interest rates, how much can they increase?
Website to apply for scholarships?
Lease, buy new or buy used car?
Going to have extra money every month soon, any suggestions on what to do?
How much should I spend on rent?
Traditional 401k and pension rollover to Roth IRA?
Healthy saving, only debt is student loans...should I pay them off?
(UK) Professional poker - Not required to pay back student loan, should I pay anway?
putting debt on 0% card to pay off car?
How does 401(k) fit into the overall investment portfolio?
Is maxing out 401(k) and IRA contributions enough to retire if done early enough?
After maxing out all tax-advantaged investment avenues, what do you move on to next?
What should I do about unscrupulous companies who keep sending me bills?
Do the PLUS loans my parents took out to help pay for my college get forgiven when they pass away?
How would you adjust your portfolio based on this pension plan?
What makes the most sense financially - student loan or 401k distribution?
25M-- want to retire at 50. Is this a possibility?
When to let a house go into foreclosure?
My MAGI for 2014 will be just a little over 80K. Is there something I can do (contribute to IRA/401K), so I can still get my student loan interest deduction?
My mother cleaned out my mutual fund (which was under my name) of $20k&gt; haven't talked to her in 3 years. What should I do considering I have debts and college to pay for now that I actually need it?
Why pay off student loans before maxing out 401k?
When should I cash out my credit card reward points?
How do I find the best financial advisor/money manager?
Contribute to a 401k with expensive options and guaranteed 3% contribution from employer?
Does my credit card have a spending limit?
UPS 401k, terminating for college funds?
How cheap can you go if you want a car that's reliable and will last?
Why should a new investor follow the rule "have as many bonds (%) as your age"?
Options for some inherited oil &amp; mineral rights?
Refinancing Student Loans?
Mix of private and federal student loans from undergad. What to do about grad school?
Sell a house, or rent it? A decision I have never had to make before and would love some advice.
Buying an older car private party - best way?
ESPP with 15% discount, but have to hold 2 months. Worth the risk?
Dual income, 40 years old, 3 kids, and I make roughly half as much as my spouse. Should I quit?
If I sent a check to someone and they claimed they lost the check and I need to resend, what do I do?
Friend is a digital media specialist with a H1, having troubles with the company culture. How to look for other jobs?
Loans taken out in my name, funds in my name, how can I find the full extent of the activity in my name?
25 making 35k. Should I look for a new job soon?
What are the advantages of paying off your mortgage early versus maintaining a small mortgage payment?
Old debt falling off credit report: Seven years from date of first delinquency or date the delinquency was first reported?
What kind of financial counsel would you offer a teen mother of two?
I learned I will receive a few million over the course of my life, where do I go from here?
Can I get out of a lease without losing my deposit?
Should an emergency fund cover my SO?
Best way to automatically deduct % of each paycheck into several accounts/assets?
My sister is considering filing bankruptcy over student loan debts - advice to help me persuade her not to?
Working overseas, retirement funds, and what to save for?
I currently invest everything through USAA, but their expense ratios seem very high. Is it worth it to switch?
If I avoid all kinds of debt post college (mortgage, car payment, credit cards), how badly can this lifestyle hurt my future?
I'm 18 years old and college-bound. How can I plan for a good financial future?
collection agency help?
Lost my job, what should I do with my 401k?
Should I buy a condo? - don't want to miss the wave..
I am selling my house and will have around $100K to invest. what should i do?
(Aus) I am a 22 yr/o working as an account executive making $35,000 what should I do to increase what I am worth?
How to get a high limit on a credit card?
Should I refinance federal student loans with SoFi or play it safe and pay more over time?
My husband inherited $500k. Should we still save for retirement?
i got declined the chase freedom card. would citibank or suntrust accept me?
South Dakota does not legally recognize marital separation. Sister's husband ran up thousands in debt after moving to another state. What can she do to protect herself? (U.S.)
What private student loan is the best and why?
How do you set a housing budget with highly variable income? Freelancers, bonus, tips, commissions - any ideas for me?
How do you choose a bank when the reviews on each are terrible?
Any advice for specifically South Africa?
HELOC or Refi &gt; Personal loan? Do you know if all banks pretty much loan out about the same amount, which is usually calculated based on pretty tight, semi-stamdard guidelines? That is my overall impression, but I need to know, as I desperately need repairs done.
Best way to pay off a cash and credit car quickly?
Is it worth asking for a credit limit increase?
Father in Law uses "interest bearing life insurance, for his retirement. What is that?
Alternative to Manilla? Check.me doesn't work for my situation
Advice on trying to make a Significant Other better with budgeting and investing?
Received 10K graduation gift from grandparents to be used solely for student loans (totaling ~55K). Is there any benefit to making minimum payments out of this money vs. making a large lump-sum payment?
Leaving job with HSA for job without HSA. Best strategy advice?
Active military, 10 years to retirement. What sort of investing or saving can I do to retire with a goal of 500k?
[Credit Cards] Partner added me as an authorized user for her credit card, does it affect my credit score?
What are the differences between charge cards and credit cards in regards to your FICO?
$2802.13 left in Student Loan, $5000 in savings. pay off? minimum payment? invest?
How does a 401k taxfree withdrawal work for a disabled person with no income?
"How much home can I afford?"
Moral Conundrum: My mom called me with tears in her eyes asking for my help, but should I?
Best Credit Card?
I'm about to put my father in assisted living. and I'll have the house and property, what to do?
Can I take the money and run without ruining my credit score?
Married but living on one person's salary -- help?
Credit card or taxes?
How should I invest money from my first job at 17?
Which company should I go through for a Roth IRA target date fund?
21 year old with some debt. Can I consolidate?
Are there any podcasts that explain retirement plans?
18 years old, need to get into the "real world." Help?
Can my inlaw's debt affect me?
Leaving military service, what are the limits of rolling a TSP into an existing Roth IRA?
What would you do with $1M of savings at 35 years old? Not a windfall - $1M you worked for and saved.
College student with unpredictable expenses and income. How can I best utilize budgeting to reduce my expenses, buy a car, and eventually pay off student loans?
Paid of a small debt that had been sent to collections, can I still ask for "Pay for Delete," or is that something that needs to be agreed to beforehand?
Invest in 401k or pay off student loans faster?
Company ending 401K. Withdraw or Rollover?
Consolidating federal student loans?
What are your rules for giving financial help to others in your life?
I Have $[X] ... What Do I Do With It?! and I'm not in the USA.
Can I quit my job? [X-Post from /r/careerguidance]
Has anyone here become a financial planner? Is it worth doing? Have you gotten better at strategies for your own investments?
160k student government loan v.s 270k mortgage loan : which one would you pay first ? Already have emergency funds for a year . Both close to the same interest 3%
Retirement calculator?
How do you track savings bonds in Mint?
Buy or continue to rent? (Uk)
When does an electric car make financial sense?
FICA taxes on sold stock options?
Anyone have any tips for negotiating a lease renewal?
Higher salary, but less benefits, is this job better?
What is a "safe" investment in a bear market?
Are Roth IRA disbursements considered 'income'?
As a college student, what should I do with the $5,000 i have saved up over the years?
Personal loan to pay off student loans. What do I need to know?
I am 6k in debt and will be recently starting a 30K/Year job...what should I do? (Canada)
Managing Daily Income? I'm confused.
How do you organize your finance documents?
Anybody know if people's trust allows direct deposits from other financial institutions?
Car Loans: Just how screwed am I?
Can you recommend an OSX app that can include several currencies including new ones?
Not managing biweekly paychecks well- how do I balance better?!
Quick question about reading fund performance charts: Do they include expenses or no?
(UK) Possible to get Car finance?
Worked as a student employee between January and May 2014...didn't know I had to file taxes on April 15/wasn't notified by IRS of tardiness. Was that for the year 2013? (yes, I'm financially illiterate)
Would you move to a different state for a 30% pay raise?
25M Law Graduate - finally starting my first career job (low income) AU - where to allocate income?
How to increase my flexibility? (NL)
Recent college grad couple, no debt, and about 95K combined income, how can we max our savings?
Anyone against the concept of "saving for retirement"?
Is it better to pay off credit card balance before statement or after?
Paying extra towards loans with higher interest when on an IRB plan?
What are the thoughts in education investments / loans?
Where should I be putting my money?
Should you always have money in bond funds?
Moving investments to a different broker?
Just graduated, getting married in August, and $30,000 in debt. How's our plan sound?
College student(s) moving out next May. What can we expect, and how can we prepare?
My U.S. federal tax return was 1000x what it was supposed to be. What should I do?
Teenager here with significant income, I would like to buy a nice car, advice?
(x-post r/tax) Need to adjust w4 - should I adjust my 401k first or my withholdings?
I am 18 and will be going to a college in the fall. I am wondering if there is anything I can do to help my future self?
I'm buying an apt project at 23. Am I doing this right? (Not US)
Best use of money: pay down mortgage or invest?
What to do when SO has terminal cancer? (Disability, student loans, hospital bills...)
What kind of prep work should I do before firing my financial advisor?
I'm starting a new job and I need to raise the funds to move, how is the best way to do it?
Moving out for College, do i have enough to make it possible or will i be screwed?
For a new job, when is the best time to negotiate a higher salary?
College student, few (zero) expenses, what to do?
Is the HDHP Premium included in the HSA Total?
(UK) Student - Had a car accident, getting paid out, what to do with money?
Bitcoin -&gt; ETF?
Went to a financial adviser, did he do the right thing for me?
A close friend died unexpectedly leaving behind 1-month old newborn son. Can I setup some kind of group account/trust that his friends and family can auto deposit to every month?
Questions re Illegal Debt Collection Tactics. Anyone Able to Help?
Is there a service to submit a credit report and background check to a possible landlord?
I'm a broke college student looking to become more independent by buying a car and paying my own phone bill. Advice on how to finance this?
Help with Credit! Best credit card to start with?
I've never had a credit card. Mint recommended me these ones, can you help me decide?
Turning 30 this month. Looking to make a big change in the way we save. Can you help?
WHY Must I have an emergency fund?
Possible identity theft?
Can I really afford outrageous rent for a "prime" Manhattan apartment? Realtor says yes...
Starting graduate school in the fall. Should I contribute to my Roth IRA for 2014 or save the money for school?
What to do with a housing down payment now that I'm no longer comfortable purchasing a home?
How will negative indicators on my Credit Report affect my score when they come off?
Bad debt and horrible credit at 24. What can I do?
Is there any reason to keep any money in my saving account vs. my checking?
Buying used car, cash or finance?
Saved enough money in savings, should we pay off debt or keep saving it?
Seeking advice: are we being irredeemably foolish?
never left home. now about to make $50k a year outside of dc living off cheap rent. what do you reccomend?
Still in college - living on own for first time, how to budget/save appropriately?
Explain these tax credits to me so I can figure out my budget?
Help: Is there anything I can do to remedy a huge ding on my credit report? How do I stop this snowball?
Trying to invest in the future before it's too late. Is whole life insurance a good idea?
What is better: paying off CC balance in full every month, or leaving 1-2% on the CC?
Suggestions for a 71 year old in assisted living, with 4 year's worth of benefits remaining?
My wife wants to call a financial representative as I just got promoted. Any tips or suggestions in asking the right questions or avoiding any pitfalls?
Which vanguard bonds are tax efficient in taxable account?
Has anyone filed a dispute with a credit card company over restaurant waitress tip fraud?
How do I make the best of this situation? I'm 18, about to be self supporting, and going off to college.
Annual income of $36,000, 25, married one child. How do I save money?
Will my silver spoon let me quit my job?
529: is there a limit to how much I should save?
How "easy" is it to save money?
Should I be maxing my 401(k)?
Why is my credit report showing that I had an auto loan/lease (when I did not take out a loan)?
Should I accept a personal check as payment for a car I'm selling?
How much is your time worth?
Trying to save for a house, tips on saving money without needing to get rid of absolutely everything we spend money on?
Paid off all old debts, pay bills on time, but still have poor credit. Why?
Moving in with my boyfriend, any advice?
My last landlord sent me to collections illegally. I didn't know any better so I just paid up. Can I do anything about the derogatory notice on my credit history?
Can I afford this car?
Credit Help: Just found out about an old debt that is 60 days past due. What's the best way to have it removed from my report?
Is HSBC Premier still regarded as the best choice for maintaining both domestic and offshore accounts under one name?
Does buying a stock really support a company if I bought it from another stock owner? What gain does the company get? How is divestment hurting them?
Evalulations/Recommendations?
How much do I need to save for a college fund if we have several kids?
How to get good credit at 18? (NZ)
Can a company extend a termination date after announcing it, and can employees choose to take the original termination date if so? (Ca)
Best place to deposit parts of my pay for storage? (UK)
Husband's FOREX investing plans scare me. Talk him out of it or let him learn the hard way?
First full-time job out of college, should I start investing or should I pay off student loans first?
(GA, US) Any tips for two people living on $8/hour?
[Male, 22, USA] Starting a big boy job, how do I best manage the big boy paycheck?
Would like to do some home renovations. What's the best way to get financing for this?
Moving to the US from the UK, should I continue to use my British credit cards?
I am 17 years old and preparing to go to college. What are things I can do now to help myself in the future?
Federal Student Loans--IBR, PAYE, or both?
Should I put more of my money towards my crushing student debt?
Need money right *now* what's my best option? Credit card? Loan?
Owner is stalling on a raise I was promised... What are my options?
How do I determine my total account returns?
Allocation - What would you do differently?
How does Mint count credit?
I am a teenager with my first real job, what on earth do I do with my pay?
Recommendations for offshore savings accounts? (US)
Is buying a rental property risky or completely insane?
Has anyone ever invested with Primerica? What was your experience?
I'm an upcoming college freshman, what should I do with graduation money?
Nervous about personal finances. Am I doing it right?
Company matches $0.50 for every dollar up to 6% of pay for both Traditional and ROTH 401k. Am I hurting myself by only doing 6% in the traditional before tax?
High school graduate, parents moving out, no health insurance. Any tips?
Don't know what to do next.. 401k? Investments? Etc
Paying fees for IRA's outside of the account? Anyplace that lets you do this, or is something like Merrill Edge the best choice?
My employer doesn't match 401k. What's "the next best thing?"
I am a student, with no job, under the age of 25, and getting a divorce. What do I do about taxes? Do I go back to my mom's?
The company I work for is up for sale. How safe is my job?
Rent or sell my house?
People who have had lots of debt and worked hard to become debt free, what were some unforeseen troubles you encountered while paying off your debt?
[25] about to start PhD in science. What can I do to plan ahead?
My small business (&lt;10 people) is having a conversation with our finance service on Friday about getting a company 401k plan. What questions should I be asking them?
Would a "Backdoor" Roth be appropriate for me?
Just paid off all my debt and am interested in getting a credit card to build more credit. Can you fine folks please educate me on how these work?
Net worth of ~25k, what's your view on my current asset allocation? (19yo, Europe)
Buying a House with $82000 in student loans?
Im a college student who works full time. I am lucky to have a full ride so all of the money I make is mine to spend. I want to start saving but I dont know where to start?
I might be going over the Roth income limit this year after already contributing. Any suggestions?
What is your opinion of our finances? (CA)
How do I truly compare cost of living in one city to the next? (CA)
Is it a bad idea to buy a home from an investment perspective?
Do I move into my own place, or continue to live with the parents?
Which silos should I be putting my money in?
Help Needed! Pay back part of student loan immediately before Grad School or keep my 3M stock?
Advice?
How to rid my credit report of a debt that doesn't exist?
Buy or rent? I live in the Silicon Valley.
How to calculate interest on backpay?
[US] I'd like to buy a house in three years - how to boost up savings significantly? CDs?
(US) if I commit suicide, will my parent have to repay my stafford and health loans in full?
As a 17 year old student in Canada, what is available to me through the government for saving money etc.? I've heard of things like RESPs but I have no idea what they are.
Why shouldn't I take out Subsidized Student Loans?
Please help - advice? Debt from 2008, all interest from USBank, statute of limitations?
Disqualified for a student loan rate reduction, any chance of getting it?
Credit Score Fluctuating, any help?
Student Loan Forbearance or Not Paying Off Credit Cards? Or Both?
If you were offered 10% of a rental property would you go in on it?
Refinance?
I get paid twice a year. Where should I put my money to have it work for me?
Would it be worth it to try to sue my federal student loan servicer for illegal practices and theft?
Number of accounts. How many should I open, how often, and which can I open that won't hurt my credit score?
Loan co-signer with worse credit, but higher income?
I am 23 and have no credit history. What should I do?
How to manage internship pay?
No credit history, trying to start- is an annual fee worth it for a year?
Want to help a talented individual get his business started? Read on if interested in helping the environment by doing so...
How important is building up your credit?
Is there an easy way to meet minimum number of debit card transactions?
Should I pay off my student loans considering...?
Can a credit card company legally lower a credit limit below the current balance?
Does anyone have an Excel personal finance spread sheet that they perfer?
Dad's Identity has been compromised; what can i do?
Probate? Debts at Death? No idea what to do.
Graduated college, starting a full time job in July, and travelling in June. Need money for travel that I can pay back when I begin working ($2-3k). What is the best way for me to get the money? Credit Card, loan...?
Balance Transferring to New Credit Cards - affect on credit score?
moving abroad, US credit card or German credit card?
Arguments for or against consolidating retirement accounts?
I want to build a digital tool to save you money. Feedback?
Refinance options, when HARP isn't available?
16 years old, and recently got my first stable job. What should I be doing with my money?
Should I move my emergency find from BofA regular savings to BofA Money market savings?
How do I e-file taxes from prior years? A buddy hasn't filed his since 2009 and needs to in order to get his return this year.
Any success removing cosigner from Sallie Mae loan?
Debt collector rejected Pay for Delete offer.... what now?
When is the old car no longer worth it? (NZ)
PF - How do you guys keep your emergency savings fund? Daily savings?
Can a Judgment be "pay for delete"?
Chase Won't Let Me Make Payments?!
For those who grew up in a family with considerable wealth and attended a university, how did you (and your parents) handle your personal finances while in college?
Can someone recommend a cell phone carrier?
I'm looking to (re?)invest my money and have a meeting with my bank on Monday. What should I ask to make sure they're not screwing me over? (SE)
What's your actual disposable income?
Car dealer forced GAP coverage and Extended Warranty on me - should I return the car?
American living overseas, no 401k, can't contribute to my IRA (foreign income). How do I save for retirement?
I'm a 17 year-old guy whose going to be spending my summer over at my rural grandparent's house. What can I do to make money and how should I invest it while I have free time?
Are we ready to move out?
My state has a tax credit for people in my career field, allowing us to not have to pay state taxes. Should I change my withholding so I don't pay anything during the year?
20 year plan on student loans is still 29% of take home pay. Would IBR be advisable or is this reasonable?
Fiance and I are drowning in credit cards..... Which should we pay off first?
20 y/o internship student, how do I start managing my money?
Can an individual charge a business a returned check fee if the business writes the individual a check that bounces?
Credit Card Balance Transfer - Can I Transfer More Than My Current Balance?
How quickly is an employer required to deposit 401(k) contributions?
Does anyone have an opinion on Betterment for investing for retirement?
Credit Card Balance Transfer?
How do I make some extra money from home?
Loan appearing multiple times on credit report?
(UK) - Difference between join bank accounts and partnership accounts?
Renters Insurance: Good idea?
Is buying a house in your early twenties financially possible?
Calculator similar to Unbury.me that you can input promotional APRs?
Is there anything new hires should know about I-9 paperwork? I'm also looking to close my BoA account -- is now a good time to switch to a credit union or online checking/savings?
I just realized I missed a payment on my electricity bill. How will this hurt my credit score?
Is there anything new hires should know when completing a W-4? Also, if I want to close my BoA checking account, is now a good time to switch to an online checking/savings or credit union?
Diversifying - how?
Young Student Looking for First Credit Card, Any Advice?
Should I refinance my 6.125% fixed rate student loan into a 2.785% variable rate? What are the realistic chances it goes up?
Future US citizen? - A very different kind of situation.
What should we do about our mortgage?
Time to make a move? Maybe?
Even with financial aid, scholarships, loans, a summer job, and on-campus work, I won't have enough money to pay for college. What are my options?
Just about to end my first year of college, what should I do to begin to prepare for my debt?
Just Got Student Loans Out of Default Status - Now What?
Untaxed money sitting in my commission draw account, what can I do with it to avoid paying taxes on it?
Two jobs - highest paying job does not have 401k but the lowest does. How to maximize 401k as much as possible?
New to 401K investing. Should I stay with Traditional or Invest with Roth? (Portfolio breakdown inside)
Take out home equity LOC to pay for student loans?
18, part-time job, need a place to keep my money. Help?
Help me understand some oddities on my credit report?
Best time of month for statement due date?
Paying more for a better school?
Am I reading the 401(k) information from my new company correctly?
20 years old. What's the best way to grow my savings?
What's this about using whole life insurance as a savings account?
Credit Card Guidance: Should I Stay or Should I Go Now?
Can i refinance my house even though my credit is bad?
Should I cancel my whole life insurance now, or wait a few years until the surrender charges are reduced and I receive a higher cash value?
should I get another CC?
How do I decide if I should refinance my mortgage?
Is 75k worth not living where you want?
When does it make more sense to rent rather than buy?
Should I even bother contributing to a 401k if the company match is 10%?
I am 23, and I have no idea how to make money work for me. Help?
I am a recent college graduate with no debt and will be making $35,000 a year. How should I budget my money?
When does the Vanguard app give you your rate of return%?
Delayed salary payment for internship, cause for concern?
College financial aid for an adult?
Fresh out of high school, entering 3rd year of college. What do I do now?
Co-op Housing and Credit Checks (CA) - What is the affect on my credit rating?
Investing for a friend?!?
I'm in a terrible financial situation, what to do?
How do you avoid feeling guilty about spending money?
Latest NY Times Calculator: Is it better to Rent or Buy?
I'm at a fork in the road, how much is money worth here?
Am I making the right 401(k) fund selections here? [31, $120K]
401K question, taxed after you withdraw for retirement?
Should I (30f) go back to work at a bar (making double the money and working half the time), or stay at my easy but low paying day job (while I work 2 other jobs to make ends meet) while hoping to get promoted internally?
Should I invest more in my company 401k or my own Vanguard Roth IRA?
What does everyone do with their old, mostly unused, but open credit card accounts?
24M First time living on my own and just bought my first place. Can I afford the mortgage?
Is Nationwide Student Aid a rip off? I think so!
Sell my car, downgrade, and pay off student loans with leftover cash?
The "true" impact of Total Bond Funds' high turnover rates?
Homeless with a min wage job in NYC, options?
Just graduated and got my first job. Tips for living on 19k a year?
New car purchase?
How Long to Show on Credit Report? [Student Loans]
Company stock, sell to pay down debt?
Where do you draw the line between enjoying life and being responsible?
I bought a new car, but now realize I don't need it and am ready to downgrade. How will that work?
US Tax: What's the supposed rationale behind certain work expenses being deductible for self-employed, but not salaried w-2 workers?
Best way for my Grandmothers 100k Finacial Gain to help her with an extra monthly income?
What to do with a small loan that I currently have no need for? (Canada)
Do I sell my paid for car or drive it until it dies?
My Uncle just offered to pay for my schooling. Now what?
What do you guys think about my budget for June?
Rollover 401k to Roth IRA? Also, seeking general financial advise.
Someone smart please explain why my employer sent this to me while I'm on medical leave?
Quicken or Mint to merge household finances?
Should I leave my current job for pharmacy school?
Rollover 401k to Roth IRA? Also, general advice needed...
Mortgage Refi savings?
Budget Question: Should I amortize one-time payments across multiple months? (i.e. Netflix, etc.)
How detailed does expense tracking and budgeting need to be? How do you personally handle them?
Starting Credit - Want to close my original secured card?
.01% vs. .087% Savings Accounts. Am I Missing Something?
Is there anyway I can get my credit score for free that doesn't look like a scam?
How do you hope to live?
Is using my TFSA to pay off (or a portion of) my credit card? (CA)
Where Do I Move Cash From Sold House? New Mortgage or Other Investments?
Am I Getting Screwed by My Financial Advisor? Help on Making Sure I'm Getting Good Advice and Not Overpaying for It
$30,000 in debt and I'm thinking about taking out a mortgage. How crazy am I?
Best strategy for paying off BIG cc debt?
About to Turn 18. How should I maintain a great credit score and my finances?
As a student with a car and part time job, I never seem to be able to save a decent amount of money every, anyone else in the same situation?
Would anyone be so kind as to provide advice for my 401k allocation?
Is it possible to recover unclaimed property (money) now in the possession of the state if under a different name (pseudonym)? (FL)
I don't know what to do anymore. I can't even find a god damn entry level job. What should I change?
Intuit Mint family feature?
How can you tell if you can afford a car?
What are the tax implications of my parents gifting me a $120k down payment for a condo? (socal)
Hi, I'm a 16 y/o looking to financially prepare myself for college, what are my top 5 responsibilities?
15% interest guaranteed. Will this work ?
Made a mistake on my W4, how can I best correct it?
HSA Bank vs HSA Administrators?
Should I finance a new car even though I can buy it outright cash? (I'll only have a little cash left.)
Why is renting deemed advantageous while leasing a car is bad idea?
Attempting to establish credit - how important is having a low credit utilization ratio?
My credit score is just over 620, is it even possible to buy a house?
(UK) Does using my credit card improve my credit rating?
Can I drop my PMI? If not, how close am I?
Is using HELOC funds for investing an incredibly bad idea for me (or anyone for that matter)?
Can I buy a house?
Prioritizing Student Loan Debt or Retirement?
Moving to an oil town. Should I rent or buy?
Would anyone like to review my (incredibly simple) budget? I'm looking for ways to improve, I got behind on some bills
Are these Professional Management Fees reasonable?
Balancing short term needs/combating lifestyle inflation?
Online options for cash-flow projections?
We missed the February 28 deadline for HRA claims. Is there any way to avoid losing all of that money, or are we S.O.L.?
Going back to school, use what I've got or get a loan?
What/when to consolidate student loans? Advice about repayment strategies.
What's the best way to allocate my 401k and is it even worth opening a separate Roth IRA??
Difference between 403b and 457b plans? Which one should I fund first?
New 1099 Employee - Help Filing?
Is it naïve to want to pay off house ASAP?
Where should I go to get advice and help setting up investments past 401k?
I have $4000 cash for a used car. Buy a cheap used car or utilize this towards a loan? More details inside.
Should I pay off my mortgage or invest?
Northwest Mutual Internship?
Buy half mums house after divorce?
Got evicted last night &amp; not a dollar left to my name. What should I do now?
Savings options?
Can someone explain to me how fast Santander transactions process and why mine still say pending?
Cheap car or newer car?
Trust funds are taxed absurdly high, what's the point of a trust?
I want to buy a Porsche Macan, why do I feel so guilty if I can afford it? (CA)
Any reasonable approaches to preparing for worst cases?
Any reasonable approaches to preparing for worst cases?
How Do I Find/Do I Need a Financial Planner?
Manifest Wealth Review - You Want To Be Wealthy Now?
What is the value of vested stock options pre-IPO, and how can they be liquidized?
When/how to seek professional financial advise?
I'm 25 years old and I'm seriously considering quitting an extremely well paying, but high stress and absurd hours job without having a new job lined up. Anyone done this before?
Become Expert In Laptop Motherboard Repair Review – Is It A Scam Course?
What should I claim on my taxes?
I am currently invested 100% in stocks (low fee index funds) and own no bonds. Everywhere I look people are advocating for 20-40% of bonds being part of one's portfolio. What is your position on bond allocation?
How to choose a bank?
When should I expand my farm? Very confused on what to do next.
HSA vs. PPO with a pregnant wife?
New job roll IRA?
What does it mean to "carry a balance"?
for the first time, I'm on Salary. I want to be smart with my money. Any help? (CA)
I'm a 22 year old who just got a job at a wal-mart. Should I use the Associate Stock Purchase?
College Saving Plans - What's best??
Is going to school at a better university worth it, rather than paying only part of tuition at a lesser-known school?
What's a good net worth to make the move to a fee-based financial advisor?
It seems I need to take out a loan this summer. Advice as to where from?
High school didn't prepare me for any of this. Where's the best place to put my graduation money?
For the next two years, could put $15k per year towards retirement, but no 401(k) - tax-advantage/tax-shelter techniques?
Transamerica, financial advisors, and 7702 plans... Why do I feel like this is a little sketchy?
How do I reorganize my finances to become appropriately proportioned in terms of risk and more tax-advantaged?
I want to see a list of all my credit accounts. Are sites such as credit karma safe to use? What's the catch?
How can my brother refinance his loans?
Can someone ELI5 LEAPS stock options?
I'm investing for the very long run. I have 50% of my money in stocks, 50% in bonds. But what if the companies, whose stocks I hold, go bust? Doesn't this make stocks more dangerous to hold?
My cousin is interested in refinancing his home mortgage to pay off his (high APR) credit card. Is this a good idea?
Can someone explain to me how finance charges work on my Auto loan?
Lying about what you got paid at your last job?
How would you recommend I invest six thousand dollars in my 4 year old boy's name?
Why hasn't my tax return come yet?
What is the best strategy for putting money away for a house?
How much do you spend on food each day?
Want to buy a new car; Can/Should I afford this one?
Has anyone used RepayReady for PNC student loans?
Roommate now renting room from me (homeowner). What do I need to know?
Recently I received A LOT of money, needing advice on best way to use it? (AU)
Which credit card has the best travel insurance? (Europe)
Is it better to buy or lease a new car?
What principal amount in Roth IRA?
Credit Card Spending (and paying it off)-&gt; good or bad in terms of how CC companies see you?
Double up mortgage payments OR maximize RRSP?
What does your savings look like?
Denied a credit card twice. First time I could understand why. Not sure why it happened again. Advice?
I'm considering getting a credit card for the purpose of accruing airline miles and building my score. Is this wise? Any advice on choosing a card?
(JP)Ask PF: what is a good stock broker in Japan?
Double-check my thinking? Choosing not to make extra mortgage payments.. I think.
I am a recent graduate and I have 45k in student debt. I just found out I am a trust fund baby, and I was given a Vanguard account with 63k in it. Should I sink 45k of my Vanguard in to my student debt?
I just had to get oral surgery done and was wondering if anybody had tips to get back in track with my finance?
Could paying off a debt collection as a minor hurt me in the future?
Begin paying off undergrad debt as a grad student?
I'm moving from the US to Sweden. What's the best way to transfer my $ to SEK?
When do you lose tax advantages for home mortgage interest deduction?
I've been offered a $5,000 federal direct subsidized loan but don't need it, should I take it just to pay it off?
In overdraft, in debt, pregnant, and fiance and I are relocating provinces (CA) - Should we open a joint account to pool our debt?
I'm starting university this fall. The school expects me to have an outstanding $4,800 this year after grants but before loans and work-study. I'll have $5,400 by the time school starts this summer. How should I spend/save in the next year?
Recently graduated and waiting to start work in next couple weeks, worth it to take out a loan for piece of mind / investing?
Existing Universal Life policy as part of emergency fund? Or surrender and put in online savings?
A family member needs me as a cosigner to open a bank account, could this put me at any risk?
hey guys I live at home and have around 7.5k student debt, invest in stocks or pay off student loan?(CA)
6 months salary in savings, no more debts, Roth maxed out....now what do I do???
Is it possible to give my 401k to a parent?
Bank offered a personal line of credit of $10,000 with a 6% interest - Should I accept it?
I'm trying to get my life back on track any advice would be greatly appreciated?
Ideal utilization for credit cards?
Looking into buying a new home, is it possible to just use my wife's name on the loan to get a first time homebuyers loan? advantages/disadvantages...
What should I do with my 21k savings? (Debt, home, stock)
Is there a codecadmey equivalent for personal finance?
Long haul investment ideas?
How do I get professional budgeting advice?
Anyone feel like reviewing my net worth?
BF lost his job back in Jan and wondering if there are any tax write offs available? (CA)
Keep house as rental property or sell?
Why "build credit"?
Australian working in USA - transferring 401k?
Is anyone familiar with NRE fixed deposit accounts in India?
buy a NJ suburban home vs. NYC studio?
Why did my amount for a past debt change on my credit report?
Americans, what percentage tax do you pay?
Does anyone use an investment grade corporate bond fund (or other bond investment) as their emergency fund?
Suspend 401k payments to pay off high interest credit card?
Wanting to buy a house and my dad is willing to gift us the IRA he inherited when my mom passed away. Can it be done? (CA, USA)
I am a recent college grad with 96K student debt. What's the best way to get rid of this debt as quickly as possible?
What is the best order when it comes to setting money aside from your paycheck for an emergency fund, student loans, retirement, etc.?
Budgeting software recommendations?
What to do with my 401k, and savings after moving to UK?
As someone that hasn't had a particularly wealthy upbringing, I find myself to be very ignorant towards people that are indebted (with the exception of College/University loans). What has happened in your life that caused you to fill up your CCs or just not pay off your debts?
Hi. I'm a guy from UK going on a working holiday to AU... Help?
Utility is supposed to be included in my rent. Just got a bill in the mail from the electric company for over $500. What happened?
Is YNAB (You Need A Budget) worth the $60?
College Student...where to start?
How do I take my husband's military retirement into consideration when doing calculations?
Before I bought my new car, I asked my credit card company to increase my limit to use for my down payment. Was this a good idea?
Should I buy a house?
Possible to calculate final I series bond value at maturity?
Transfer $13,000 student loan @6.5% to 0% credit card?
College Grad, 60K in Loans... But have a forgiveness plan after 10 years. What should I do?
401K rollover for education deduction purposes?
How can I invest in the NYSE from the UK?
Should i go with a bank or a credit union?
Made a bad real estate investment, what's the best thing to do now?
I'm getting married soon, and we have no idea how to combine our finances, largely because they don't exist. Any tips?
Parent Opened A Credit Card Under My Name - What will happen if I don't activate it? Should I cancel it?
Boyfriend is a full time student and is supported by his father. How does this affect my finances if we get married?
Building credit by using a credit card? (CA)
Can someone advise me on my financial plan?
Pay off 4.5% Car loan or invest in TSP?
Invoicing a foreign company as an independent contractor?
Can someone help me pick out 401k funds?
Is Bankruptcy an option?
Would a My Best Buy rewards card be ok as my first credit card?
24% APR on Car loan, am I doomed?
My parents have lived frugally my whole life, but they just told me I will inherit roughly 3 million dollars from them after they die. How much should I consider this in my financial planning now?
When should I pay off my credit card monthly to build credit?
Could you claim humble bundle payments on your taxes?
Just finished college and have some money saved up - what should I do with it?
Binary cash creator|Review|scam|truth|Buy|Legit??
What caused the disparity in my credit score?
My sister is transferring to a state college and needs about $5000 a semester. Should she take out a loan?
Student loan question here. What happens to deferment after you graduate?
If I put a down payment on a lease and the car gets totaled 6 months later, do I lose all my down payment? Or will the insurance company pay most of it back? Is it better to put no down payment?
Is it possible that I was given an interest rate different than the one I agreed to? (Car Loan question)
Should I start a Roth along with my 403b?
Have I been making the wrong choice regarding my 401(k) option?
New car good or bad decision? (AU)
How do I convince my 22 year old friend NOT to declare bankruptcy?
Had a 401k for the first two months this year. Started a new job and longer have 401k. What should I be doing?
How can I convince my girlfriend not to buy a new car?
Is it worth it? Raising my auto insurance deductible my $500 to save 21.00...
How big should I go with housing?
Bond investing: Is a bear still out there? (Vanguard Q&amp;A transcript)
Do I have any legal ground here? (CA - but this will probably apply anywhere)
Relocating family for new job. How can I save on moving expenses?
20yo student here; received my first auto loan in September. Should the interest rate be so high?
Money toward mutual fund or additional mortgage payments?
What is the best way to invest $1000 dollars for a semi fast return? Penny Stocks?
Plan on buying car off of my sister. She's moving to Spain, I'm taking it from New Orleans to LA. Cheapest and easiest ways to do this?
Debt Payoff Plan - Is This Unwise?
I'd like to pay off my home in roughly 4 years. Worth it?
Is there a general rule of thumb for how much you should spend on rent?
Taking your recommendations for a new bank with checking account?
How to get a job as a financial planner?
budgeting and housing?
Should I pay my roommate's owed rent in order to have a zero balance as we go into lease renegotiation?
I'm considering moving into the larger condo next door if neighbors give me an outrageous deal. Keeping and renting my current place next door would put me at break even on its expenses. Is it worth it?
What type of rewards credit card should I get?
What kind of car loan rate is it possible to get?
Leasing a car; when is it a better decision than buying pre-owned?
Has anyone tried to start trading from scratch??
How is investing in Silver worth it with the premium to purchase and the premium to sell?
Unemployed college grad with loans, no credit card, etc. Where to begin?
Necessity of financial planner?
Long Term Care Insurance -- When to self insure?
How many credit cards is appropriate to have a high credit score? CreditKarma says 22+... that seems egregiously high.
Alter mortgage payment frequency to save money?
Is college worth it?
My company is destroying it's 401(k), IMHO. What do I do?
Which is the best credit card for consumer protection?
Just got my credit report and two collections are showing. Advice on the quickest way to handle these?
Is there a calculator for how expensive a car you can afford?
How aggressive should I be on loan repayment? (CA)
How do foreign bills affect US credit score?
How much should you hold in cash balances?
Am I paying too much for insurance? Do I have the right amount of coverage?
Can I leverage price-to-rent ratios? I live in an expensive real estate market, why not buy in a cheaper one with a lower price to rent ratio, and rent in the higher one, pocketing the difference? (CA - not that it matters)
Expat about to leave - any benefit in maintaining a bank account?
Currently fed. tax exempt, what will happen if I convert an old conventional IRA to a Roth IRA?
Will I get in trouble for not filing a return even if I was due a refund?
IRA or Roth IRA, and Vanguard Investor/Admiral shares?
Using a personal loan to pay off credit cards/car? Good idea? (22 years old)
How often do you cash out your credit card rewards?
My parents are facing a lease termination if they don't come up with their rent for the month. They need around $900, what is the best place to take out a loan?
Paying for fuel in a gas-guzzling old car, or paying the same amount for a car payment on a fuel efficient car?
Just sold a car and the new owner got a parking ticket which was mailed to us, what can we do?
So I've seen you guys give some really solid advice how about some advice on rebuilding credit?
Would another credit card be beneficial for credit building?
Help with Buying/Leasing a Car &amp; Student Loan Payments! Can I reasonably afford this?
How do I invest in an index fund outside of an IRA or 401k?
Picking up 3 new credit cards at once, then closing my CC?
Help, upside down on car and don't know how to go about it?
What are your thoughts on starting three new credit cards at once, then closing my oldest account?
No idea how I stack up - How do I know if I'm where I should be with my finances?
Do you open up new credit cards just for the sign-up bonus?
What steps can I do to protect myself from identity theft?
Parent opened a card in my name. Should I cancel?
Just how screwed is my friend?
Ignorant of Finances, but Have &gt;$13000 Medical Debt; What Do I Do?
I just paid off a credit card. Now what?
What would be my best opinion paying off credit card? (UK)
Exercise stock options and hold or wait to exercise?
What would be my best option paying off Credit Card? (UK)
Are my 401K management fees exorbitant (American Funds)?
I make 6 figures but don't have a credit card and am having trouble getting one. Advice?
What are the downsides to having a high deductible health plan with an HSA?
Want to get rid of PMI, should I reappraise home (US)?
Are my student loan payments being correctly applied?
Question about 401k rollover--does tax year matter?
Should I pay off my loan with an open line of credit?
Where should I park $30k for 2 - 5 years?
How can we prepare to purchase a house after a bankruptcy?
Help me go to college? (optimistbrah)
Help with food budget, and how should I handle my extra couple hundred dollars each paycheck?
How do people get credit cards with these seemingly crazy high limits? Am I doing it wrong?
I opened a Best Buy credit card a couple years ago and never used it. Should I cancel it or will it hurt my credit?
Grandfather never took out his required minimum distribution from IRA for 14 years. How screwed are we?
Taking out a loan on current house to purchase fixer-upper?
Home owners: how much have you spent on property taxes and house repairs in the last year?
I just financed my first car, and going on a roadtrip this summer, should i apply for a credit card so soon after the car loan?
Credit card in a "restricted" status?
Just checked my credit score... Any tips for improvement?
How bad an idea is this? -FAFSA/Marriage/Independent Student
Do I lose money towards taxes in this scenario?
What better serves my credit score - paying off loan in full or making monthly payments?
Many many retirement accounts - how/what to roll over?
Used debit card at a hotel- but they credited money to my checking instead of withdrawing it? Why?
How to refinance high interest student loans?
Should I borrow $120,000 in student loans to increase income $30,000 per year?
Need A CPA--will any CPA do or do I need a specific type?
What do you do about expected but irregular larger expenses in your monthly budget?
Saving for Retirement without a 401k and maxed Roth IRA. What else can I do?
How does an unused credit card cost the creditors money?
Paid off car loan. Is it ok to close the account?
Any negative to having a balance on a 0% interest credit card?
Situation advice- condo sale vs lease, fix or just sell? Plus general advice on situation
working college student. Almost done! but..looking at Grad school. Move out now??
Mom died - 120K life ins.; Condo (~450K with ~230K mtg) - what to do?
Good plan? Bad Plan?
Anyone else having trouble finding stores in the US that have machines ready for the microchip 'dipping' credit cards like Europe uses?
What should I take into consideration before deciding whether to become a partial owner of a company?
Fair credit, how to add accounts?
BMO Harris loan modification/origination questions: anyone hire a lawyer to help get their home loan modified? I need one in Chicago. Or good advice.
What is the best way to earn credit?
I want to go back to school but I have $72,000 worth of student loans. Any way to make this work?
What's my best option to improve my credit score?
Use extra student loan amount to pay off old credit card debt?
How many month's of savings do you guys have?
Where is the graph showing marriage benefit/penalty by relative income?
Pay annual fee to keep oldest card open, or get another without annual fee?
My job has been editing my and my coworker's hours to meet Obamacare standards, any advice?
Should I pay off an entire credit card or, instead, pay off a partial promotional balance on a different card that is about to be charged tons of interest?
Just got my first credit card and my limit is too low. Can I ask for an increase in my CL after a month?
Mortgage question: 4.0% vs. 4.125% loans with $$$ in lender credit (lower closing costs)?
I haven't filed taxes in 6 years. I have worked a multitude of various jobs, and I have no W2's. How can I bring my taxes up to date?
Best plan of action?
Not saving for retirement for the time being, is this foolish?
Is my fiance getting lied to about her medical loans?
How can I pay my parents back by the end of the year? Is it possible?
Thoughts on our student loan plan-of-attack with upcoming home purchase?
debt and savings are the same amount... what to do?
Whats the the best way for me to handle my recent medical bills?
Should I open a trading account for a friend?
$9,000 Credit Card Limit, leave it open or close it?
Should I go to college or invest in real estate?
Should I draw from the substantial equity in my home with a baby on the way?
I was just financed for a motorcycle. Should I pay it off with a new credit card with 0% interest, that way I don't pay interest?
Taxes Lost in mail how screwed are we?
Leasing a electric car?
Sacrifice savings for mortgage?
Questions about w9 form and taxes? independent contractor
CC payoff with savings?
High Fees in 401(k) vs Backdoor Roth IRA vs 529?
I am 17 turning 18 soon, do any of you have advice on how to not screw myself over in the future? (CA)
Buying car after lease is up? (US)
Just got approved for my two first credit cards ever. Now what?
Just starting in the world of finance, advice?
My mother passed away in 2011 and left our family home to my brother and I. Should we sell or keep it?
I'm 25, and I ruined my credit as a teen. How can I finally start raising my credit score?
Does anyone here listen to Dave Ramsey?
[23] Graduating with a BS, no debts, no savings, should I take out a federally unsubsidized loan to pay for a medical assistant certificate? I live in Seattle.
I want to apply for my second credit card but don't have a credit history. Would this be a bad idea with a new hard check on me? [CA]
is there a way to calculate taxable cash saved/lost by increasing/decreasing amount contributed to a tax sheltered account?
Help pay off student loans or save it for next semester?
Bad spending habits and some legal trouble left me with a good amount of debt... and now I'm getting married. How should I tackle it?
5k to invest into public market to build up my portfolio, where do I start?
Is this considered a late payment on credit card?
[Serious] I do ok. But how to be a winner?!? [Late 20s][Motivated]
I plan to get my first "real" job soon, and want to start saving money for my brother to go to college. What would be the best way to do this?
Does it matter which loan I pay off first if they have the same interest rate?
Landlord from 3 years ago sent me to collections for a debt that has already been paid in full. What do I do?
Is it time to open another credit card?
Should I pay on my student loan interest, while in school?
I want to get a mortgage by the end of next year, what can I start doing now with my credit?
Should/How should I increase my credit limit?
Should I decrease retirement savings to increase general savings?
Do you consider your lines of credit part of your emergency fund?
self employed side job?
Opening credit cards for intro rate, then never using again. Bad?
Student Loans with crazy interest rates. Any options?
23 year old US grad student on a student visa. Advice from older academics on finances while pursuing an academic career in the US?
Next year's income will be $0 - Should I convert my $50,000 401k to a Roth IRA? Can I do it incrementally or does it have to be a lump sum?
Buying or renting as a mobile family?
New job, new 401k, should I rollover my old account to the new?
Engineer, make decent money. Want a side job. What side jobs do you guys do for extra cash?
Doing checkup on finances, need advice. Did we stretch too thin?
Do you refinance your no fee loan every year to get a better rate ? Or it is not worth it ?
At What Rate you have set your automatic deductions for your 401(K)?
Gaining access to massive trust fund- How do I plan for a future when anything is possible?
Just received my student loan repayment papers in the mail. May i have a little advice?
I am 24 college student working a part time job and just inherited a house. Advice?
Cost of 401k?
I cancelled a payment on a third party debt collector. Is there any legal ramifications for this?
I've lost my 401(k) - not the value, the plan itself. How can I find it?
Worthwhile to contribute to my 401(k) beyond what my employer matches?
Close a Secured Card or keep open; $29 annual fee - no rewards?
Thinking it's the right time to re-fi the car... How do I find the best rates for a refi on a used auto? Pitfalls to avoid?
Is there any advantage to keeping a mortgage on the remainder of what is owed on an inherited property or should I just pay it off with cash?
X-Post; How can I help my bankrupt retirement aged mother divorce her cheating, stealing, sociopathic husband?
Credit card account closed, should I open a new one?
I stand to have roughly $30,000 in my account in a month and a half. How is this best allocated between a money market account and investments?
$52,000 a year, 19 years old, kicked out and never had to budget in my entire life. Here's my budget, how do I live in the real world?
What do I do if I received my 1099r late after I already filed my taxes?
What Tax Bracket to Consider Tax Exempt/Managed Funds?
Unbury.us type site that takes student loan grace period into account?
(UK) Career development loan, as well as a grant?
Credit score (all three bureaus) has leveled. How do I get it to keep going up again?
Coming into an inheritance, how do I get the most bang for my buck?
[Insurance question] - On a Renter's Policy, what is Personal Liability?
I run a small business during the spring that only deals in cash. How do I go about depositing my earnings into my bank account?
Turned down for a home loan, not sure what to do. Help?
What are some things I should know or be aware of before receiving a credit card from tm bank?
My wife didn't file her 2012 School District Income Tax. What is the penalty for this?
Is it frugal to go back to school for a nursing degree if I already have a BS?
Should I withdraw from my 401K?
Cheap life insurance?
What type of jobs count in order to fund an IRA?
I use my debit card all the time, which seems like a mistake when I could be earning points using a credit card instead. How can I learn more about my options?
How do I leverage a job offer with a higher salary than I currently make, for more money at my current job?
Is it possible for the employer or employee to make contributions to a 401k after the employee's last day of work, if the employee is still being compensated for unused paid time off and sick days?
Summer Internship Stipend - Is this taxable income?
Need a cosigner for 11,000 for student loans. What are my options/alternatives. If any?
What are the best funds for long-term growth?
Canadian Resident, looking at saving money and budget. Help? :)
How do you download stock market data for analysis?
What are some things I should be aware of when receiving a credit card from the bank?
How should I handle paying for my trade school?
Considering taking out an auto loan with my bank (USAA) to get my first car. I've never done anything like this before, so what should I do??
Just called BofA to figure out a Quicken update issue, the CSR asked me to "verify" my online password. Should I be worried?
How to dispute late payments on old Direct Loans?
Can an order no longer pending still be taken out of by bank account by Authorize.net?
When Family meets Personal Finances - Am I crazy?
What are the personal/legal implications of a Suspicious Activity Report?
Bankruptcy discharged 6mos ago. Would like to start rebuilding credit. Thinking an auto loan?
Does the Charles Schwab checking account act like any other normal bank account?
(NL) As a student, what is better? Saving money, investing money, or 50/50?
16 year old teen going into his senior year, what do I do first?
I'm moving to California from Denmark. How's my budget?
66k student loans + 6k cards. Advice on my plan?
Multiple loans at the same interest rate; does it matter which is paid off first?
81K in student loans; best way to pay it off if I set aside 2K a month?
(US) Recent college grad, paying off debt with Ramsey since January, debt free in September. (5k car, 6k school) $350/month in gas, looking to explore Credit Card world... What are my next steps?
How do people without an emergency fund afford to have a baby?
I have no credit history, how do I start building a good credit score?
Do 401k Employer Contributions Count Towards Cap?
Should i get a regular Credit Card?
Receiving 300K, enough to retire on?
~11k/year Student loans. Okay?
What does "date of trust" mean in a life insurance application?
Rolled old 401k into Fidelity IRA - what now?
How to stop collection calls for someone else?
"...the further out you can push out the [mortgage] payments, the more advantageous it is to the person who owes the money". Then why make lump-sum mortgage payments?
Negotiating a raise for a promotion. Do or don't? And how?
Piece of advice for young professional (Ca) ?
Can someone explain to me, why non-employee 401k plans have lower contribution limits?
My credit is bad, I have just enough in my chequing to pay off my credit card. Should I do one lump sum or will paying some principal+interest over time improve my credit more significantly?
I'm not doing anything with my money - what should I be doing?
rebalancing 401k, need help.. where to start?
How do I manage and facilitate money from out-of-country sale?
Should you invest in funds that track the same index in both 401(k) and Roth IRA?
Suggestions for my later in life parents?
Have medical bills? Save money by requesting a payment plan. When nearing the first payment call and ask for a discount on paying the amount in full.
Current renters history ruined, debt racking up. Where to begin?
Thoughts on Wealthfront (Investment Management, Online Financial Advisor)?
Questions about Joint Brokerage Account?
Check credited 2 times in my bank account?
Should we keep repairing our car or look into buying a new one?
What should I do to fix this mess?
Why are mutual funds so badly looked upon? (Canada)
I have $5000 left to my name with no career and an awful work history - Should I move home to save money or stick around and risk going home with nothing?
AAA? Worth it? What are the perks?
Should I get a loan for gradschool or not?
Managed to find an extra $200 in my budget, where should I put it?
Thinking of moving to a different state in 2.5 years, selling current house and buying a new one there. How best to prepare, financially?
Essential rental information not as stated by tenant, can I get my money back from Paypal?
What are the benefits of getting Life Insurance at 23yo?
Looking for a very specific type of credit card...any advice?
Stashing (part of) emergency fund in a Bond ETF?
I have two full time jobs in two different states. Am I going to get killed come tax time?
i am 24, getting kicked out of my parents house, no car, living in southern california. what are some steps i should take to make a solid transition on my own?
Just got approved for a credit card. How long to wait before next application?
27F just accepted to grad school, and this will be my first time taking out loans. Help?
Student Loans: save for loan payoff lump sum or pay as much as I can as I go?
Starting medical school in August, 24m with savings... to invest?
30k credit card debt 60k+ student loans. Where do I start?
What's a decent credit score that will get you a sizable loan without a co-signer at 23 years old? Is it even possible?
A little advice on what is the best financial decision?
Short term finance options?
How much house can I reasonably afford?
Discover Card says my FICO is 720+, so I tried requesting a credit increase from AMEX, but was rejected for having a FICO of... ~650? What gives?
Two hospital bills in collection, never contacted by collection agency. Any recourse?
I already have 401k should I also open IRA account?
Financial literacy course?
Any advice on my Prudential "Goalmaker" 401k allocations?
Benefits or $5K extra a year?
Leverage Low Auto loan APR?
Why is my broker pushing the "blue chip" or "dogs of the dow" strategy so hard?
Sallie Mae 15k Accrued Interest; Grace period ends in 6 Mos; Help?
Why did my monthly student loan payment magically double?
Health Insurance - What Would You Do?
How many credit cards to have? Benefits / Negatives of having multiple?
How do I prepare for the university education of my children?
TD Home and Auto Insurance Owes me a lot of money and won't pay. HELP?
High debt tolerance or deep, deep trouble?
What are our chances of getting approved?
What Do YOU Include When Calculating Your Savings Rate?
How to budget for furnishing a new apartment?
Want a Trust Fund, Baby?
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Is it okay to carry a balance on a credit card during it's introductory 0% APR period?
Why do lending companies qualify people who are 65 for a new 30-year mortgage term?
Stupid question alert: how do you research the market rate for your position to determine your value?
What are the tax implications of opening a taxable brokerage account and how are they paid?
Debt, which to tackle first? (CA)
How do I (college student) juggle debt while planning for my future?
Recent grad with 40k salary and large student debt wants to buy a car and move as soon as possible. Advice?
What are some tips you have for not spending your money on things you do not need?
Should I pay off my student loans in full or save up money (my first job)?
What should I look for in renters's insurance?
Best strategy for backing out of a Roth?
Would you sign up for this dental plan?
Credit age weighting for credit score?
I have 23,000 in student debt, an income that has allowed me to build a small bit of savings and I spend about 1000 bucks a month, what should I do with the money I've saved?
What's better? Paying down current mortgage or saving the extra money for our next down payment?
401k return is doing terrible, under performing S&amp;P. Help looking at my allocation?
Is it worth buying out a leased car that has been leased for 2 years?
Enough to pay for school with savings, should I take out a loan anyway?
If I dispute something on my credit report that isn't mine, does the "real" person get notified?
First time car buyer, can't get pre-qualified for a loan. What are my options?
Has anyone done a SoFi student loan refinance?
Is it possible to be saving too much?
Help! Parents asking me to cosign their mortgage. Should I do it?
Bought a new car and just got a letter in the mail 3weeks later that my loan was not approved??!!
Balance transfer - Does it hurt credit score?
I signed up for a credit card that I did not realize had a $75 fee right off the bat. Is there a way I can close this account and not have my credit score dinged?
Unreturned equipment charge 3 years later, is this even legal?
Why did my Stafford loan payment double?
I'm 19, should I open a credit card if it's only for the rewards?
Buy our first home or rent an apartment?
I'm 16 and just got my first job yesterday. Any financial advice for someone like me?
I am a college student with an unexpected surplus of money, what can I do to protect my assets?
Why can't you use over 30% credit limit, and does it count if payed off before the statement?
Infinite Banking - How do I tell someone they screwed themselves?
Why can't I get a loan, but people with far less means are able to?
I just finished my senior year of college and will be going to medical school in the fall. What can I do now to put myself in the best financial situation in the future?
General financial and investment(?) plan for the next ten years. 18 year old heading off to college.
How long to wait to apply for new credit card after paying off existing one?
Could someone talk to me? I really want to die, but I can't commit suicide. I'm a coward. What should I do?
For someone who's never had a credit card before, what's a good one to start with?
How can I get all my recurring subscriptions to be on the same day?
Mother just retired and sold her house for profit. How should she invest?
So Online Brokers?
Stupid Credit Question: Can you explain what a 3X90 late on an account is with an example?
Noob question: How does cash back work?
New lawyer switching careers: should I go back to school for a PharmD, MD etc...?
Can someone please ELI5: emergency fund over debt payment?
Close Unnecessary Credit Card?
I'm looking at an overwhelmingly large HECS debt - should I start paying little bits off now to curb interest (leaving me with no savings) or wait till it starts getting deducted automatically from my tax? [Australia]
In college, made some money at an internship. What to do with it?
Is it possible to get miles or points for paying off a $50k student loan at once?
I have a FICO score of 751, is that good enough to buy a new car?
Advice for a recent graduate who is going into post-graduate training?
Graduation has come and gone. What jobs can we rookies get into that pay reasonably as we lay the base for the rest of our lives?
Your saving goals for next 10 years?
What can I do to improve my ability to rent with a bad credit score?
Working part time, study part time - want to buy a new car, advice?
Planning on buying a house , should I hold off on investing ?
Pay student loan or start investing?
Just applied for my first credit card, I am 20 years old. Is this a good deal?
20 with $10k, could i move out (and survive)? (AU)
I am working for a very small but promising company. I am paid £8k under the city average. Should I wait it out or leave? (UK)
First paying job after getting Master's, lots of various debt--how should I tackle it?
$25,000 in debt. Where do I start?
Sit on 160k cash or pay down low interest debt?
First time home buyer here. Why are my mortgage broker and real estate agent discouraging me from making offers on bank owned properties?
(CA) Dealing with a lot of debt. What to do?
Is having a $0 balance on credit cards bad?
All this advice to use CC instead of Debit...but which card is best?
How do I know if I'm paying too much for rent?
Out of curiosity...what are your student loan amounts, interest rates, and plans of repayment?
How much should I have in my savings before I can buy a sports car?
How to consolidate credit cards after marriage?
What loans to pay first?
Always pay higher interest first, but is there an exception?
How do you build credit when no one will allow you a credit card?
Should We Talk to an Advisor About 529's?
18yo, in the military with $10,000 saved, what should I do with it?
How to determine the proper balance between 401k and Roth IRA distributions? Also, where to invest emergency fund?
Concern when requesting Tax Return Transcript, please help?
Will closing a bank account affect my credit score?
Is there any advantage to paying your credit cards into the positive?
Currently married both in our mid 20's and saving about 2-3k a month should we be doing something other than saving?
Most Important things to Look for in a First Home?
How to convert overcontribution of Roth IRA to Traditional IRA?
How close am I to purchasing a home?
Forgot to file a state tax return after moving abroad. What would you do?
Does not paying when you have 0% APR negatively affect your credit score?
Financial advisor fees?
Am I saving enough or too much?
Starting my First Job: Pay Off Student Debt ($150,000) or Begin Investing in Retirement?
How much should I have in my savings before I can buy a sports car?
Should I consolidate my private loans? Have undergrad, grad, and med school loans...
I'm TERRIFIED of debt. Has anyone ever paid for a home with cash (and other questions)?
Are HSAs normally payed pre-tax or post-tax?
How can I avoid moving back home after graduate school?
I'm 17, and have been popping in and out of this subreddit. What are the most important things I need to know for my financial future?
23, paid off college loans, living at home for free, now what? (And more importantly, how?)
Does your mortgage payment change each month?
What is PF's opinion of Credit.com?
[US] Can individuals apply and receive a short term loan? Or are they mainly for businesses?
Non-taxable income for Roth-IRA?
Original account holder dies; is authorized user responsible for balance?
(USA - Student loans) I'm having trouble calculating what my monthly payment would be under different repayment plans. Can someone recommend a good source or someone to talk to?
Stock options help?
My cc statement date is 3 days AFTER my due date. Is my credit score being shafted by not getting to report all of my on-time payments that occur the rest of the month?
Buying a used car at 17?
Terribly simple question I can't seem to find. How often can I reallocate Vanguard ETFs without being hit with a fee?
Is it better to pay off my maxed out card all at once, or little by little to best improve my credit score?
The Boglehead lazy portfolios always involves a bond allocation, but bonds are currently paying lower yields than savings accounts. Should I still allocate to bonds? (UK)
How much will I pay on independent contractor taxes?
"Always pay into your 401k until company match" What about with my company's plan?
I'm 16, and getting my first job this summer... what should I do with the money?
Just graduated, don't know much about finance. Anything I missed?
Why does Capital One seem to have a bad rap?
Put back withdrawn contributions to Roth IRA if Not Qualified?
Should I go for a house or an apartment?
Second hand cars, when is too much?
Is a traditional bank better than a credit union?
Pay off loans or invest/save for retirement?
Should I put down more than 20% on a mortgage for a new house?
My parents' stuff is showing up in my credit report. How do I make it so only my stuff is in my credit report? (no name/SSN variations/etc)
Should I consolidate my HELOC and mortgage?
Will paying of my credit cards in full each month still build my credit?
First time homebuyer about to sign purchase agreement. Last minute sanity check?
Should I buy my dad's house?
19 years old and trying to build my credit. Am I doing this right?
If I used a credit card, would I be able to pay it off with student loans / financial aid?
How can I help my mom clean up her finances?
For those of you who have financial advisors - How'd you choose? What criteria am I looking for? red flags? tips? What do you wish you'd known before hand?
What to do with mom's money?
Credit Utilization..percentage of TOTAL available credit or per card?
How can countries like Australia have such good bank interest rates?
How to get credit score from 578 to 640? Want to buy house.
No Credit/No Verifiable Income = auto loan?
pay off student loans or put money in savings as a graduate student?
I'm young and live in a big city. I just graduated, and somehow managed to have no student loans. I basically broke even. How do you budget, yet go out and have fun at the same time? Any tips?
How are we doing financially? 27 Male; 27 Female
Should I continue education?
Are we crazy for thinking of moving?
Company's 401k is switching to Vanguard. What options would you choose?
Can someone check my math, please?
Has anyone ever worked for or heard of Advisors Ahead? I recently graduated and have my second interview with them for their CFP residency program - want to make sure it's a decent company
Does anyone here use Infinite Banking?
I (23) am building my earning power and looking to target professional sectors based on future needs. Is it possible to calculate my mortgage needs 10+ years in the future?
Should I enrol in my company's share purchase program? (CA)
What to do when you're identity is stolen?
Looking for advice on my house. When do I stop paying?
Would Applying for a 0% APR Credit Card be Bad?
Wife and I looking to open/combine new primary checking and savings accounts. Advice?
Should I refinance to 15 year loan and replace AC at same time?
Student loans or emergency fund first?
Should I use Leasing for Small Business Equipment Purchases?
Sister got large lump sum, fear she will live beyond her means, spend impulsively, etc. How to help her save effectively?
Am I wrong or is my tax guy wrong?
I need to lower my monthly debt payments, what options do I have? [US]
IRS has owed money for two years. What can I do?
Subsidized and un-sub: is consolidation of both a good idea?
[International/Europe] no permanent residence – how to save for retirement?
2 Credit Cards, Same APR, Which Do I Pay Off First?
Renting house from parents?
Paying 5% on my nonstandard property loan. Anyone have some suggestions for refinancing?
How to invest 90k?
Which type of Student Loan Repayment plan should I use?
When to refinance?
If trying to maximize net worth, is it always better to max a 401k before paying back debt faster?
Currently not accumulating interest on student loan; should I be paying it down or saving for my final year + grad school?
ESPP or ROTH IRA or SAVE FOR A HOUSE?
Here's our finances... what moves would you make?
Help a college dropout with his debt?
I'm getting paid 250 dollars a week in cash for teaching a guy programming. This is in addition to my full time job where I make 60k. Do I report this extra 12,000 dollars a year when I file taxes?
Looking for a budgeting app based on my needs. Wondering if you guys could help?
What should I do with $70k (23, $39-44k income, 23k student loans) ?
(UK) Am I eligible for PIP?
$21,000 extra?
With Manilla closing, what other similar apps are there?
Should I rebalance with this windfall, or stick to my allocation?
Does talking to a creditor reset the 7 years for item to age off my report?
I am inheriting a large sum. How do I invest it?
Foreign relatives are wiring $50,000 to my checking account. What are the tax implications?
FHA or USDA?
Where should I put money I earn? Savings account or stock market? And how much?
Should I Refi my home?
27M Single Professional - How am I doing? Any and all advice appreciated!
With so much economic uncertainty today...how the hell do you plan for retirement?!
Beginning to feel the pressure of debt, any advice?
25M, how am I doing financially? Looking for advice
Should I work on paying down my student loans or continue building up for retirement?
Leaving graduate school debt-free with some saved-up scholarship funds to invest. Any tips?
Advice for 26-yo with no debt? Retirement funds? Invest?
Can I/Should I get a credit card? If so, any recommendations?
Should I work to pay off my student loan? Or invest? (AU)
I am a 17 yr old about to go to college in the fall. I got lots of scholarships and grants, but am still in need of money. Can anyone give me advice on how to manage my money, or a good loan company for student loans that is located in Florida?
Should I do something with my savings? 25 years old, looking for input
Minimum Credit to have a cosigner removed from student loan?
Doing pretty well, what now?
Need to diversify my credit accounts?
Where should CalSTRS contributions be listed on the FAFSA?
Can I transfer my consolidated student loan?
Close to or over 400k debt by the time i finish Family Practice Residency, advice?
(US) Is it okay to pay your credit card balance before the statement comes in?
Hello, future university student, any help with loan advice?
What are your Mint.com tips, tricks, and hacks?
I've recently moved for work. I've accrued about 5k worth of credit card interest in moving expenses and I hate it. Is it's bad idea to take out a 6.5% personal loan to aggregate my payment?
Not reporting fellowship income?
Trying to take care of a medical bill in collectors, CA won't do pay for delete and won't settle. Stick to my guns?
Mint doesn't integrate with my bank. What would you use?
How to budget food bought for non-family members?
Can I buy a low cost condo with a personal loan?
How much will I be paying in taxes?
Extend credit limit, get a new card, or dip into retirement fund? What is the best of the bad options?
Sharebuilder: which cash sweep account is better? MM or FDIC account?
Too late/bad idea to take out school loans?
Should I cash out my 401K for education? What about my husband's IRA? I want to quit my job and do school full-time, keep our house, and keep the family afloat...
Trying to obtain parent's mortgage! What to do?
Sanity Check - 25yo - 1 year into student loan aggressive payoff, is my strategy dumb?
Should I stop/ minimize payments to 401k if I am saving for school?
The annual limit for IRA contribution is $5,500. Can I just start maxing out my 401k and then transfer it all out every year to exceed the limit?
What would you do with your money if you were going to volunteer in Africa for 2 years?
What are corporate benefits worth?
401K Portfolio Review - Currently In Target Date Fund, Want To Maximize. Help?
Just graduated with 80k in Loans with 60k salary, IBR or Standard repayment?
Good, secure checking account recommendations?
Am I doing the right thing? (Pay Debt vs. Save for retirement)
Trading down cars worth it?
What are your YNAB tips, tricks, and hacks?
I need a Credit Card to build credit. How do I pick one? Card recommendations?
Getting a moving loan while between jobs?
$90k in fed student loans, IBR right now...what's the next step? Unpaid internship, Peace Corps, staying at home?
Thoughts on using a credit card to build credit?
New job, can't contribute to 401k for 1 year. Open an IRA or increase student loan payments?
Going down to 1 vehicle family, how to get out of car loan?
Pay off my car and buy a new one or wait it out?
Just found out I owe $2000 from 2004. What next?
Should I quit my job? [Ca]
Is it better for my credit to cancel a credit card, or not use it at all?
403(b) Plan from my past?
Student loan (Sallie Mae) retractions, has anyone had any luck cleaning up their credit score?
Credit Card for Gas Purchases?
Just graduated from hs, what do I need to know about student loans and finances?
Is a $500 security deposit normal for electrical service with BG&amp;E?
In the process of building credit for a bigger goal. What should be my next move?
What is a fair split with my roommate for renting out a room while I'm away? (CA)
What's your experience with private student loans?
I've noticed that there is a lot of tips/advice for adults, but what about kids heading off on their own?
Someone in Utah booked 3 hotel rooms with a credit card I don't own, both listed under my nickname/middle name. I think I also got their phone #. Other than filing credit fraud alert, is there anything else I can do?
Back to Basics: Teach me how to use a ledger?
A lot of people here treat PF as a science where rules are set in stone. What's one rule you break or one thing you do differently that makes your finances *personal* finances?
Girlfriend is getting a mortgage. Wants me to move in. How much should I pay? (UK)
Why would my credit score drop when essentially nothing has changed?
What to do with old 401k?
Why are credit scores so confusing?! (mic)
Am I calculating this correctly? Retirement amount needed and how to get there. The simple version.
Cable company is about to send me to collections for a bill they say I don't owe. What do?
Should I buy discount points for my mortgage?
Is it worth paying off a car with a low interest rate?
Planning on doing a payoff on my student loan, is that advisable?
Do I have to pay quarterly taxes in 2014 if I owed nothing/less than $1,000 for my income tax in 2013?
Major mortgage lender is switching rates on me last minute. What's my retort?
Friend has a fundraiser for sick mom.. then brags about all the stuff he bought - is this right?
How much of an emergency fund, really?
Roth IRA instead of 401k without match?
Saving for a home and/or paying off a large amount of student loan debt?
Should I Contribute In 401K This Year? 23M 2K/mo
"Personal"Finance Question: Where to settle down?
How easy is it to set up a college fund for my children?
I'm in trouble.. is this a rash decision to make?
What's the best way to ask for a raise on contract resign?
How I plan to invest the 12K I make over the summer. Is it a good idea to use the bond index as emergency fund?
Is my strategy sound?
Emergency Fund, Roth IRA or both while paying off student loans?
"You are on track to make X and year in Retirement" - How accurate?
First time moving out, do I have all of my bases covered?
Dug myself into a hole--should I pull from my 401(k) to pay a tax liability?
I just turned eighteen &amp; want to move out of my parents home ASAP. What's the best way to rent an apartment without credit, or build credit quickly to make renting possible?
Might have to move out. How do I find a new place?
(UK) Is there a UK equivalent to Mint.com for managing personal finances?
Can I afford a motorcycle?
Am I at risk for identity theft? And what should I do?
Have the opportunity to live rent-free for the next year. Is it totally stupid to quit my job and move to another state to be with my s/o?
Where's my money going?
Kohl's, department store of Satan?
My student loans will be paid off by the end of this year. I have no money in retirement savings. Should I buy a house with very little down and pay PMI while aggressively growing my retirement savings or save up for the 20% downpayment to avoid PMI?
US tax liability working overseas?
Financial Management Software Use?
What happens in California when my unemployment balance runs out but my claim doesn't expire until December?
High-Interest banking comparison?
Will This Promissory Note Hold Up? (CA)
Should I change my 401K setup?
Should I buy a house?
Can I claim a tax deduction for a laptop I buy for work?
where should i get a mortgage from? (NY, USA)
Should I buy or continue to rent?
Budget info - ratio of living expenses to incidentals to savings?
Equity in a startup. How does it work?
Which Airline Miles/Travel Rewards Card please?
Is it worth it to get an MBA?
I've got lots of debt and lots of money. What's my best course of action?
When is paying PMI worth it?
Advice for quickly paying off $200,000 in student loans?
What should I do with my AIG.WS stock options?
No taxes being taken out of husband's paycheck - how do we deal with this?
r/PF readers what got you into so much student debt and what did/do you expect to be paid when you graduate?
Pros / Cons of borrowing against 401K for first-time homeowner?
One Year Left of College, ~16k in loans, would 7.5k loan be a good idea?
How can I find a good financial advisor near me?
Why is +60% of my student loan payments going towards interest? It seems....excessive.
Recently graduated (unemployed) and I have money left over from loans, should I pay back what I can in a lump sum immediately, or should I wait until I get a real job?
Doubling our family income with lots of debt and minimal savings. Where do we begin?
Should I pay off my car loan with a small back pay windfall?
My 60 year old Dad with memory problems has been laid off for the forth time - what are his options?
How to exclude certain categories/transactions in excel budget pie chart?
How Do I Manage Inheritance / Who Has The Best Management Fees?
Does anyone know where I can find a chart / table that shows how an employee that doesn't sign up for 401K with match is hurting them in the long run?
What do people here think of wisebanyan?
How do I budget for two pay checks that get deposited on different payroll schedules? (US)
How do I calculate the lump sum payout of a pension?
Short term safe options on an investment? (CA)
Cheap fixer upper or duplex?
Last minute savings withdrawal means I can't move out?
Thinking about financing a car to drive for Uber - have I lost my mind?
I have no credit history and I was advised to open two credit cards accounts immediately to change this, is this the correct path?
Paying off unsubsidized student loans with the same interest rate and different principles. Is there an optimal way to pay them off?
What happens if a bill gets paid AFTER being sent to collections?
Best way to get a loan of $7000 to $10000?
How can I gain credit rating by repaying debt held in my wife's name? (x-post /r/accounting) [US]
Which debt to pay off?
Monthly paychecks, no withholding: what do I need to know?
How are you supposed to afford a down payment on a house?
Where can an accounting degree take me?
Prepaid credit card for sitter?
Small, short term loan from a bank? Need money to move to new city.
Girlfriend thinks she can make minimum payment on federal student loans and the loans will be forgiven after 25 years. Is there any truth to this, or will she get screwed by this somehow?
Is there anything I can do at a bank with only $350 dollars? (CA)
HELP! Credit card fraud or identity theft?
26 Y/O looking for some suggestions. What do you guys think?
What are your thoughts on years worked vs salary increases and top out pay?
26 y/o good financial standing. Any suggestions?
Told that there would be no annual fee on my credit card. There is. What to do?
I have cash reserves to cover my postgraduate expenses this upcoming year. I have an offer for an unsubsidized direct loan. Should I take the loan to help build credit?
Can I "afford" a house?
Would this make sense to do?
PF, should we buy a house? or wait a bit more?
(Canada)I'm 23 years old and I have just discovered my Credit is completely fucked. What Steps do I need to do to repair this? Info Inside.
Is it smart to take a loan against your 401k to buy a house?
Cancelling debit card to avoid future charge?
(CA) Will spending my credit card limit then paying it off immediately, help or hurt my credit score?
What are my best resources for learning about personal finances?
Turned 18. Now how do I get control of my bank account, and what is the best account into which I should transfer the money?
I am "cash heavy" in San Francisco but reside in a rent controlled building. Should I purchase a condo here?
Is it ever worth it to get an MBA right after undergrad?
Pay off my credit card or keep savings?
Pay off student loans or keep investing?
Is there a formula or way to determine a comparison of condo association fees versus the higher price of a house?
Best Software For Personal Finance Accounting?
Defaulting on a Home Equity Line of Credit?
Parents trying to audit over "dependent" claim..any experience?
Father sold my identity (SSN, address, IDs, crazy many financial student loan docs, etc) to identity duplicators! What now??
We have a life together, best process to track a life together?
I am separating from the military in 8 months. How is my financial situation? Where should I go from here?
Should I move back in with my parents?
Should I leave a government job with a pension for a startup?
I just paid off all of my debt, but what should I do next?
Looking to buy a house instead of renting. Have $130k in Private Student Loan debt from 3 lenders &amp; 12 loans. $60k Salary...where to even start with options or consolidation?
Debt from a few years ago went to collections but have had no phone calls since? What will happen?
Should I take out more student loans?
42k of Australian Student Loans (HECS), should I pay it off ASAP or invest?
Different ways to leverage a positive credit score?
My fiance just got a job that doesn't offer 401k or investment plans, what's our next move?
How did you learn to handle big money and personal inestments?
New job doesn't offer a 401k for the first year, already maxing Roth IRA, what are my options?
Where should my debt-payment focus be?
(US-OH) Bad timing herniated-disc, temporary options?
Retirement fund appreciation surpassed by fees, advice?
Prospective first-time homebuyer - how much can I afford?
I have the money to buy a house, but I don't want to just yet. What now?
What would be the best way to pay off my credit card debt?
Making a job change after first job out of college (7 years) - What should I do with Retirement Investments?
7/1 vs 10/1 ARM vs 30 Year Fixed?
Tax implications with parents wanting to front a 100k down payment?
Federal loan forgiveness program, anyone got it?
Buy used, lease, or wait another year?
Savings in an 100% bond account?
My girlfriend wants to move in, pay toward mortgage. How do I allow her to build equity?
Which is a more secure option of receiving payment? Western Union or PayPal?
Townhouse vs single family home: Which is right for you?
What should I do with this idle cash?
I think its time for a new perspective: what are the best strategies for *evading* student loans while remaining in the U.S.?
I'm making way more money then I'm used to having due ti my End Racism 2000 seminars. How should I invest it?
(Canada) Buying a house from my parents...a win-win or mistake?
1 yr left of college w/ full time job after - how am I doing?
New grad, should I invest in both 401k and Roth IRA?
Student Loans, good idea?Taking More than I need and paying back what I don't use
Just got Wage Garnishment... slightly different (stupid) circumstance. Worth calling a lawyer?
Independent contractor hairstylist, with varying income month to month, best way to plan a budget?
I might be dead before 59.5... What's the best Investment strategy?
Advice on investments, why should I pay off my student loans?
Moving Fidelity Roth IRA to Vanguard, should I open cash management account for Fidelity Amex rewards?
Perhaps slightly off topic, but could this be a sign of identity theft?
About to be an adult; feeling lost. Help please?
Chances of getting approved for personal loan?
Closing on the sale of my house this month, should I make the mortgage payment?
Just got a student credit card, should I switch most of my spending over to this?
Tuition Remission Tax write off - How can I get in on this?
Thinking about taking out my (small)401k to pay off my credit card debt. Is this a bad idea? (US)
Advice Needed: Close current secured credit card to get the cash I put down back?
If my parents co-sign my auto-loan, will my payments be building my credit? Or theirs? Or neither?
Payoff student loans first? Or buy the house first?
Where/how to invest for both requirement and savings?
Using IRA to pay for Grad School (MBA)?
Has anyone had success negotiating a better apartment rate?
Why are interest rates across platforms (student/car/house/CC/etc) so variable? What goes into those rates? [askPF]
Credit Card Advice?
Which is worse: Student Loan Debt or Credit Card Debt?
How should I manage my 401(k)?
Canada - 30k to invest - thoughts?
Can I afford a $32k car? Is is incredibly stupid to buy such a thing?
Employer offers employee stock purchases at a discount. Is it worth it?
When is it appropriate to expect a raise?
How diverse is your portfolio?
How much should your emergency fund be if you're living mostly paycheck to paycheck? should it be more important than a credit card debt?
How many dollars per month are you comfortable with?
Mint.com Outside of US?
(IN) Planning to quit my job, how should I manage my savings?
How do you begin building credit when you have a thin file?
How to deal with this credit report issue?
What is stability worth to you?
Apparently I only have two credit scores. How can I fix this?
How long does a business have to charge my card?
Just graduated. Job requires about 5000 dollars of expenses paid by me a month. Have no credit. Need a credit line of about 5 thousand in 3 months. Help?
Buy new(er) car or keep current?
Is having AAA worth the cost nowadays?
Have 1 credit card, should I get another?
I almost max out my credit card each month but always pay in full; am I doing this wrong?
New documentary on financial hardship, thoughts?
Credit card interest rates are the same, how do I split the payments for maximum efficiency?
A company sent me a bill for cancellation fee (on appointment they canceled!). They are claiming it will hurt my credit report and other terrible consequences if I don't pay. Please advise?
Looking for a site to compare credit cards. Want to transfer balance to a low interest rate card. Recommendations?
Why not put normal savings into a mutual fund account?
Constantly new savings $, keep investing every month?
Leasing or buying a car for college?
22 Store manager with 9k in bank. Am i stressing to much?
18 years old, do I need to pay taxes? (details inside)
Should I 'max out' my pre-tax contribution to my company 401k?
Asking for a raise ?
Roth IRA - Significant difference between contributing to one vs. two accounts?
I owed money to my university (not a loan, just unpaid tuition), but the debt has been transferred to the Central Collections Unit. I can pay it off today, but will it show poorly on my credit? What can I do?
Should I take on a student loan? Is it worth it?
Is it worth it to get a financial advisor?
I'm going to my first serious interview for an actual corporation for a full time position: What should I know?
What is /r/pf's outlook on alternative investing? What are the popular alternatives that people invest in here?
Going through a short sale. Looking for information about how the loan deficiency is handled with my taxes. How can I position myself to come out of this?
Getting rear-ended through no fault of my own is costing me money. Help?
I need some help; I feel buried. Can PF review my situation and lend me a hand?
Is my 401k allocation too aggressive?
[Need Advice]How do I ask for a raise?
Is it going to negatively impact my credit score if I close a bank account I don't use?
HELOC is set to mature. Bank will not refinance. Any suggestions? More details inside...
32, disabled, no income, no collateral...do options exist for people like me?
Can someone help me with the application for a Charles Schwab account?
Am I biting off more than I can chew? M 25
Not straight forward financial situation. What to do?
Haven't transferred any of my 401k from my previous jobs. Any way to get my current 401k to search and absorb them?
(CA) Is there anything equivalent to Personal Capital and Jemstep for Canadians?
HELOC instead of auto loan?
[Tax][US] Consequences of getting an ITIN?
School loans eligible for PSLF?
I don't plan to stay at my company for very long, should I do 401(k)?
PF what is your age and net worth?
So, I want to build a house, but should I?
Approved for a loan, but with stipulations?
plan to build a home; pay off land loan?
What happens to my old investments in my 401k when I change my allocation?
US - No debt, but unemployed. School? Military? Need serious advice.
What are the risks to paying monthly for large purchase? (Ex: pay $30/mo for 36 months)
Hospital bill went into collections, 14.5k student debt. How do I raise my credit score?
California 529 options if we're not sure we'll be staying put?
What happens if a parent who owns a few properties passes away with no will?
Should I ask for a raise?
New car/Drive It Til The Wheels fall off? And price.
How to improve credit if money isn't a problem?
How much to budget per year for a dog?
Is there any reason why I shouldn't have my emergency funds stored in a Roth IRA?
Should I take a loan out of my 401k to help pay off credit card debt?
How do you create a stable income stream that requires work now and no work later?
Now that I no longer have any delenquencies, when will my credit score be good?
Where should I keep my emergency fund?
What are the common mistakes/misconceptions that you have seen related to personal finance?
Using paper savings bonds as an emergency fund?
Student Loans, Savings, College?
How are taxable retirement/investment account taxed?
benefits of Mint?
How much AD&amp;D should I buy?
Does "don't try to time the market" apply to real estate?
What is/are the best credit cards with rewards to get?
Can I have a bank account that my parents can't touch?
How much should I spend in buying a car?
Graduate school in 1yr. What can I do now to prepare financially and help me succeed?
How do I fix my asset allocation?
How to get a credit card to start building credit?
Multiple IRAs: is it a good idea to go all-in on the same target retirement fund?
401k or not to 401k?
(US) 401k, IRA, and brokerage accounts- where should my money go?
I just bought a used vehicle a couple of months ago. Due to a change of circumstances, I need a different kind of vehicle. Is there any way to recoup some of the sales tax I'm spending?
Will applying for a personal loan affect my credit score?
Am I in way over my head or can I pull this off?
Which retirement plan is better for me?
Help with recovering interest on an twice-paid debt?
How many allowances should I fill out on my W-4? Please help!
As a college student, what should I do with an extra $1000?
Should I pay off my student loans up front? (US)
Can someone please explain this to me? (employer match for 403b/401k)
Can anyone steer a young co-op student in the right direction in regards to 401K and Student Loans?
If a relative made an savings account under my mother for me years ago, but then the bank was acquired by Chase can I go to Chase and see the status of the account?
Recent College Graduate with a question about student loans. Pay off or invest?
I have an old rollover IRA with around $20k, considering moving to a brokerage IRA so I can buy stocks. Thoughts?
I have medical bills and credit card bills.. which takes priority?
Traveling aboard for a week in Europe. How should I make payments, and bring spending money?
40k at 18, what should i do?
Received roughly $12,000 from scholarship refunds in 2013. Should I have filed my own taxes?
If I change my name would it show up on someone else's credit report under the cosigner section?
I can pay off my school as I go, should I take student loans?
Florida Panhandle gulf front condo - worth the investment as rental property?
Investment strategy for retiring before age 63?
As a current CSE undergrad, would pursuing an MBA be worth it?
Which is the better loan forgiveness option?
Single in my mid-30's. Just paid off my student loan debt, now what?
What is your home price to income ratio?
How much income or net worth is considered "rich"?
Which Credit Card Should I Pay Off First?
Just bought newer car, what to do with money when I sell older car?
US person. I have a full-time job which I do not intend to give up, and I'm starting part-time as an artist to earn a bit of extra &amp; improve myself. How do I handle taxes?
Is this is a horrible way to manage my 401K and Roth IRA?
Buying a car in two years and have $13k US set aside (in savings) - suggestions to protect and grow?
First job: How should I allocate my money as a teenager?
23, Already maxed Roth IRA, help me choose my 401k?
Should I pay off car first or motorcycle? Ultimate Goal=Saving for a house
Received $5000 for graduation from family, what now?
Worth taking a huge pay cut?
Should I refinance my mortgage?
What is the most important financial lesson you learned in your twenties?
Money going towards Roth TSP. Can I do anything else?
I have good technical skills, but I'm far from being rich. What should I do? (PT)
When should I switch from Roth IRA to Traditional IRA?
Stupid question, but is it better to put the interest from a certificate in a separate account or keep it in the certificate?
I'm 19 y/o, and make $40k a year with virtually no expenses. How can I best utilize the position I'm in?
Stop working and get paid lump sum, or stay on and receive only receive percentage of sales?
Why don't more people use Kasasa accounts?
401k and dividends question?
Why don't we recommend charge cards more?`
Should i do anything with an old DCP (401(a))?
Is a 5% interest rate a horrible rate if I'm a first time home buyer with no real credit history, but $300k in savings?
My mom opened a savings account for me, but she is listed as a joint owner -- is this a bad idea?
I have $8,000 sitting in a savings account accruing a negligible amount of interest. Is there anything better I could be doing with it?
23y.o., got my first full time job, can you recommend a book for me to read where i can learn about how to manage my money?
Friend got divorced. She left property to the ex. The ex started missing payments and now it's showing on her credit report. Can argue this with the credit bureaus and have removed?
Am I living within my means?
Tax questions... Can anyone give me some advice?
Federal vs. Dept of Ed loans - does it matter which I pay off first?
Can you pay off a lease and turn a car in early without negatively affecting your credit?
Credit Card worth it?
I'm going to be receiving a significant amount of stock options, around 10k shares/year on top of my salary. What things should I know about these?
Credit Score Down 738&gt;732&gt;724. Concern?
Paying off my first credit card, and I'm already confused -- What exactly am I supposed to do?
As an 18 year old with no credit history, what would be a good credit card to start with?
About to join Americorps (12k/year stipend) what can I do to prepare?
As a 23 year old, what type of returns should I expect to be seeing on my Roth IRA?
Will Out-of-State tuition kill me?
In the US for a few months on an internship (I'm Canadian), what should I do for my banking situation?
Should I open a new credit card or not?
How to budget and start saving on a variable income?
Do you tell your parents how much money you make?
Haven't been paid Superannuation by employer for 3 years, anything I can do? (AUS)
(EURO) No-fee EUR currency bank accounts in Europe?
What is the best way to pay off my debt?
Best first credit card?
How long after buying a house is it safe to change jobs?
TED-style presentation on personal finance for graduate students -- what to include? (International)
Should I get an accountant?
Law student, debt free: massive student line of credit available—invest it? What would you do? (CA)
My credit rating sucks (UK) Help?
No loans/debt, 23 y.o. grad student. What to do with my old 403(b)?
How to make my money work for me during grad school?
401k maxed, Not Roth or Deductible IRA eligible, How else should I save? Backdoor Roth?
Student loan consolidation... any advantages?
Tax question Ira contribution deductible?
Going to be a sophomore in college, what should I do next?
ROTH IRA - Should I transfer? Can I?
Tax advantaged retirement accounts other than ROTH 401K and IRA?
Can a company hurt my credit rating if I do a chargeback on my Visa?
Should I close a secured credit card?
Credit card autopay overdrafted my checking, what do I do?
25 years old. 47k a year. 90k in private student loans. Am I doing it right?
Unexpected drain of savings, Cant afford broker fee+first month rent on apt I already paid deposit on. Where can I get a loan quickly?
How can my husband claim his gasoline used as a business expense on our tax return?
As a renter, what kind of damages to the apartment am I supposed to fix vs. the landlord?
How am I doing? What can I do better?
AAPL investor here: the stock split. What does that even mean?
Do SIMPLE IRA and Roth IRA share same contribution limit? If so, how do I find out how much was contributed in my Schwab SIMPLE IRA?
Can I afford a house?
Debt or 401k with high match limit?
What is the correct procedure to make a counter offer on a job offer?
What does executive order mean for paying down student loan debt?
What to do with large savings?
Savings account or investment account?
Company reducing pay, is this legal?
Will the NC Pension be around in 25 years, or should I take a private sector job?
How can my dad gift my brother his car, so my brother can avoid paying taxes on it?
Is there such a thing as a good car lease offer?
(US) Getting 40k, spending money on Hookers n Coke again?
Tips for starting a small business?
What's the best way to evaluate an online broker for IRA?
How do I choose a bank?
18 M Just withdrew a CD, now what?
Landlord trying to get me to pay for a cleaning crew while he shows the apartment -- Am I liable for this?
Saving/Spending ratio? (CA)
Help evaluate my financial plan please? (Long Post)
Upside down in my car, now what?
Am I wracking up interest during the loan deferment period on a post July 2014 federal subsidized loan?
I got a parking ticket -unbeknown to me- and my address was not updated at city hall. They sent notifications to the wrong address and then sent the ticket to collections. I now have a collections account present on my credit report. Is there anything I can do about this?
Roth IRA - What funds to start out with?
I work for a non-profit and I have student loan debt. What should I know?
is it really bad to pay off mortgage?
What are your retirement numbers? When I hit X dollars or Y age, I will retire.
How does the six-month no interest for purchases over $99 work with BillMeLater?
Won the lottery (about $342K after taxes). I have paid off all of my debt. Advice on how/where to invest?
Saved up about $4500 before college, where should I put it?
Obtaining credit score properly (after free reports), and what to expect after one hard credit check?
Can someone please double check this for me to make sure I have all the grounds covered?
Pay PMI, Roll PMI into mortgage, or do a second loan (80-15-5) to avoid PMI? [x-post with r/ RealEstate]
I have been logging my spending from July 2013. What do you think? Link in comments.
$27,000 in student loan debt through multiple loans. How do I calculate average interest rate? $18,000 in a car loan. What should I be paying?
Can you explain this image for me?
Question about good software/plan? (NL, Netherlands)
Paying extra on car loan payment. Amount due lowers every month. What's happening?
Independent carpenter/contractor. What can cash jobs do for me?
Obama's new executive order would allow me to reduce my payments and term but leave me with a $40,000 tax bill in 20 years. How should I save for that?
Emergency fund – better to keep in checking or savings?
Tool to compare credit report information?
21 with some savings - pay debt or retirement?
How do I help somebody who is involved a multi-layer marketing scam?
Help - Should I do loan rehabilitation with my student loans?
Loan servicer is not applying highest interest rate first?
Question about which Vanguard Fund I should choose?
Student Loan Advice: Consolidation or Pay As You Earn (PAYE) Student Loan Program - Is it worth it for us? (me and my Fiance)
Repercussions of refinancing an auto loan?
I was wondering what r/PF would attack my student loans. How would you pay Sallie Mae?
Bank / Credit Union Recommendations?
Can I afford a car?
Will my credit score drop when I pay off my frozen HELOC?
How do people living just above minimum wage save up for old age?
Best Credit Card for College Student?
Should I cancel my BoA credit card?
Starting 'real life,' advice?
Advice needed: Should I accept a promotion that offers salary + tips or decline in favor of wage + tips?
Meeting with a Financial Adviser. What should I expect/ask about/watch out for?
As a general rule, how much of your salary should you allocate to an ISA and a savings account? (UK)
Budgeting N00b: How much should I save/spend/set aside for emergencies?
Does Closing Account Affect FICO Immediately?
Credit building plan for young 21 Yr old?
Looking into getting a new Credit Card. Update for 2014?
Moving; probably need a loan?
Out-of-pocket cost for my junior year of college is $7000 by December, but have no cash. What are my options (private loans, etc.)?
US online banking (high interest saving/checking) that takes foreigners?
What should I know about PNC Virtual Wallet? Hidden fees, interest rates, etc
Do I need to file a late tax return?
PF, Should I take ~$10k from 401-k to start getting my debt snowball rolling?
How much house can I afford? 31, new job, 240k in med school loans, 105k in the bank with a baby on the way (US)
Can I afford to still live the baller lifestyle?
Not sure what to do with an extra $1000 a month now that our emergency fund is full? Would welcome any suggestions.
Can I still afford to live the baller lifestyle?
Reddit what's your best advice on starting a account for a child?
Can you get items retroactively removed from your credit score?
I am moving into a new apartment on my own for the first time and want to finance furnishing it. Should I go through a furniture company or get a loan from the bank?
I am going to graduate in a year with $35k in student loans to pay off, starting 6 months after graduation. How is it possible to pay for necessities and make loan payments while working a minimum wage job?
Finally out of debt. But what comes next?
Are there Ways to reduce interest on parent plus loan?
How To Solution Conflict Resolution Activities Today?
Chase accidentally gave me two new credit cards with separate accounts?
Moving to the USA from Canada. What bank do I use?
Can I still afford to live a baller lifestyle?
My husband and I own a small business, make almost 1/3 of the income we used to, and feel like we're bleeding money. Where do we go from here?
Best Credit Card for Airline Miles?
I'm coming into some money. How should I prioritize my debts and expenses?
Can I afford to live the High Life?
I didn't think it was smart to eat the PMI, until now?
Can I still live this baller lifestyle?
My husband was missing and is presumed dead -- what now?
(23) Maxed out retirement accounts and savings account has emergency fund. Invest the extra money in high-risk stock fund?
From 115k to 0k, how do I manage?
close 401k or rollover to IRA, then close?
21 &amp; 23 year old new grad couple. How should we be saving/investing? When should we start looking for a house?
Any thing I can do about a credit card issue?
Buying a second house how much to put down in Morris County NJ?
Has anyone actually made money on a pyramid scheme?
Family drama ensues - leading to damaged credit?
Discontinue "Bank on Yourself" policy?
Tips on leasing apartment with one unemployed roommate?
How to find the best VA mortgage loan rate??
First job out of college, working for a startup, boss is offering me option to work as employee or independent contractor. Cost/Benefit?
What % of my income should I put into my 401k?
Business taxed from home?
Backdoor Roth IRA or Taxable account?
Raise after a salary adjustment?
We're making more money now, where should we be putting it?
How important is bank account information on a rental application?
(CANADA) My grandmother left me a small inheritance in American dollars. What do I do?
Do I need an emergency fund in my situation?
Finally going back to work looking to consolidate debt and pay for home improvement. Do I have Options?
Student loans without parental support?
Car's getting repo'd Friday. Do I have any other options? Short back story inside
While getting car insurance quote, noticed a strange car under my name?
Paying for college on a credit card? (California)
mortgage or HELOC?
How much does a baby cost? (UK)
What's the right amount of a windfall to spend on rewarding yourself?
I'm going on vacation. Should I get the extra LDW insurance on my car rental?
My circumstances have changed and now I must reduce my car payment, options?
I have a Roth IRA, but now I am offered a matching 401k with my new job. Should I keep the Roth?
So, I kinda went crazy and have a debt collector contacting me. Can I pay the creditor?
25 and 26yo getting married. How do our finances look? Any advice about how to save for retirement/house, etc?
Young, very little income, a lot of money in the bank. Buy or rent?
Poll: Do you use a broker? Why or why not?
I want to transfer $300 of every paycheck to an investment account tied to an Index Fund. Can anyone recommend a simple and cheap way to do this?
I'm an idiot and never "did my taxes" ... does this equate to forfeiting my tax return?
Are cost of living / inflation adjustment raises standard practice?
I need to float a loan until my signing bonus comes in. What is better USSA loan or Credit card cash advance?
In this scenario, would paying down mortgage &gt; student loans?
So is my FICO score free or not?
No 401k from employer. Alternative retirement ideas?
Which credit cards report only to Experian? (2-part question)
Which student loan should I focus on first?
I had some storm damage done to my house. I have a $1,000 deductible and the total damage is $1,600. It would only net me $600. I am financially secure and could pay for repairs out of pocket. Is one claim going to raise my rates? Should I file a claim?
Alleged delinquent personal property tax bill?
I am a student in good financial standing, should I take out a Sallie Mae loan to build credit?
PF, Can I get your opinions on my situation?
Should I join my states retirement plan for my summer job?
Personal loan vs. Line of Credit. What should I be weary of?
Can I still live a baller lifestyle?
Can I afford to still live the baller lifestyle?
Can't afford my student loans- advice?
What to do with my 401k?
Hardship Withdrawal for funeral expenses. Is there a time restriction?
Should I take my student loan settlement?
PMI...Is it worth it in order to maintain liquid emergency fund?
IM 25 and have been working for 3-4 years. Im going back to school for 3 years. Should i start a ROTH?
employee stock options anyone?
I recently acquired an inheritance of about $40k. I'm still in school and will require about ~$105k to finish. What is my best option?
I have three stocks. Diversify and take a tax hit?
$80k keep it in real estate or invest in another solution?
I keep getting calls about owning a car I don't actually own - should I be worried?
Who to call?
As a junior in college, where should I be financially?
In-laws completed my boyfriend's taxes for him, with out his consent, he now owes IRS. What is the best course of action?
What do I do about Taxes as an Independent Contractor?
Debt payoff priorities help?
Car was repossessed. Where do I go from here?
Does doing odd jobs make you a sole proprietor?
If I pay off my car loan down to $1.00 and make payments for 36 months, will I build the same amount of credit?
How to withdraw large funds from different accounts?
Recent Graduate, Is It Reasonable To Move Across the Country for $40K a Year?
Should I take out a personal loan for debt consolidation?
Minimizing tax obligations for $10,000 in stipend income as a non-student?
I have a credit card debt of 15,700 from AMEX. I want to pay it off. Is there anyway that I can negotiate AMEX to lower it down?
Is having all my retirement money in one target fund the same as having all my eggs in one basket?
Which languages would it be best to know as a global financier?
I want to get rid of a charge card. Can I simply let it expire?
How do people pay for weddings?
Is it worth a student loan to kickstart my retirement fund?
Taxable investments after qualified ones are completed?
As a driver for Lyft and Uber can I write off my expenses and portions of my car payment, ins, etc?
How much in the next generation?
Are my 401k allocations overlapping?
Got turned down for Discover It credit card, but offered secured card. Should I get the secured card?
Is it possible to invest in a real estate market without actually buying a house?
When should I apply for my second credit card?
Is there a vanguard or other s&amp;p 500 fund that's divested of fossil fuels?
Moving companies, what to do with 401k?
Should a new college student a get a credit card?
First time credit card?
Personal Finance in "pretty good" shape. What's the motivation to get to the next level?
My son is about to make some really poor financial decisions, how do I convince him otherwise?
I want to know if a Roth IRA is right for me, can someone ELI5?
Should I open a 401k no match or an IRA?
How to allocate net income if thinking about having a child in 12-18 months?
i have $30,000 (USD) sitting in a bank account making 0.25% interest. i feel stupid just letting it sit there, but i'm nervous to invest and lose it. is there a safer way to invest it with guaranteed returns higher than what i have now?
What is the best way to store Financial paperwork and documents?
Parent acting as bank for mortgage?
401k from last employer still in separate account from current one. Downside?
5 year old starting an ira?
Can unclaimed funds be legally bound to the state?
Pros and Cons to having multiple checking/savings accounts?
Made this Spreadsheet. Any suggestions?
How financially viable is personal rooftop solar investment?
Expense report app suggestions?
Advice for care for aging parents?
Best ways to expand a "thin credit file"?
Student loans purely as a saftey net?
How do I find someone to talk to about starting to save up for retirement?
401k fees / plan change, adding recordkeeper fees, but moving to very low fee funds?
First time car buyer, what precautions should I take?
Just married, now what?
Direct Deposit every other week?
Young, unemployed, plenty of savings. How much should I set aside for savings? Can I afford a few luxuries?
Best way to transfer $$,$$$ from one family member to another?
All the money in the bank as 21yo (NL), or invest?
Canceled card; forgot to update bill: how will it affect my credit score?
I have no debt and money in the bank. I have an extra 25,000 I would like to invest. I don't want to touch it for at least 5 years. What should I do? I live in Ontario, Canada.
What are some good credit unions to refinance my student loans so that I can tell Sallie Mae to go suck it?
What should/can I do with my 403(b) after I switch jobs?
Hi /r/PF, how does someone proportionate his portfolio to buy a house in 5 years and at the same time, put money asides for his retirement?
28 year old thinking about assuming someone's va loan motgage at 3.75% good idea?
How frequently should you be adding to your investment portfolio?
I closed a joint-account with my parents containing $30,000. I just found out that $25,000 belonged to my parents. How do I give them back the money? (US, California)
Secured credit card with annual fee worth it?
Twins coming, help?!
Benefit to Personal Line of Credit While Consolidating Debt?
I have 100 shares of 'Rio Tinto' stock in Australia Stock Exchange from 7 years ago, the total worth dropped from around 6k to 5.6k today, Should I sell them? (AU)
So I fudged up and now need to take out a private student loan. Any advice?
What are some better student loan alternatives to Sallie Mae?
Should I just pay for my FICO Score? Is the Discover It score reliable?
How do I provide proof of no income? (Australia)
Budgeting off of a cash allowance vs paying for everything with a credit card. Any thoughts or tips?
18, making a lot of money, help answer some questions?
Does holding a balance on a car loan and paying on time help my credit?
What are some fun/weird/creative/unusual personal tax deductions?
Pay off study debt or... something else? (NL)
When did this become /r/creditscore?
HELP! Serious anxiety over credit score/collectors and a tax lien?!
Is debt consolidation a real option?
Pay off car/student loans, grow savings, or increase retirement contributions?
Bought a lemon. How do I avoid hurting my credit?
What do I do with the old student credit card?
Investment vs CDs for my savings fund?
I got scammed and now i have a debt against me..Should i even fight this or just pay?
[Private/Federal Loans ~$60,000 varying 4.50-8.37% to Home Equity 3.99%] My parents and I understand the risks and feel confident that I will be able to pay back the loans. Is it a no-brainer to transfer my debt into home equity? Details inside.
Is it worth it?
Just got slapped in the face with a new central air unit. Should I drain the emergency fund or find another way to finance it?
Anyone invest first, pay quarterly estimated taxes later?
Newbie question: is it unwise to invest in TSLA when the prices are already so high?
What credit card(s) should I be using?
How do I procure unclaimed money from a dissolved business/deceased spouse?
Should we dip into retirement savings for house down payment?
how do i interpret my cost basis?
Why do banks lend money for mortgages if their rates are consistently lower than the market?
I just turned 18 - Should I get a credit card to start building my credit?
Where/how do you keep your money for small items you're saving for in the short term?
Should I convert my 403(b) to a Roth IRA while I am working outside the US?
Possible to calculate salary from total tax due (and other contributing factors)?
[US] The startup where I work will likely be acquired soon. I have unvested ISO, what should I do?
[Serious] Is there a credit card that does NOT sell your buying habits/personal information or one that sells the least amount?
Somebody is using my name to get insurance quotes. What do I do?
Tips to improve credit?
My company announced that instead of monthly 3% 401k matches, it is moving to annual 3% 401k matches. Should I feel good, bad, or indifferent?
Is closing a Credit Card Bad?
Paralegal from debt pursuing law firm is refusing to provide proof of debt or documents of any charges. Can we write a letter to say we won't pay them?
Am I doing the right thing with a sizable inheritance?
Rolling funds to Vanguard, advice?
Why am I doing a Roth vs Traditional IRA?
21 years old, $10,000 in the bank. How can I make the most of it?
What Should I do with my Money?
Have you ever used a "financial wellness" product through your employer?
I am a 31y/o single guy living with his parents. Should I rent/buy or stay?
How do I get out of &amp; improve my current financial situation?
What can I do besides lawyer up and hit the gym?
Have debt, was just gifted stock: is this a no-brainer?
Keep Getting "Pre-Approved" Notices from Capital One - Should I Get a Credit Card?
Are retail store credit cards from stores like Kohl's or Target easier to get for people with no credit? Are they as useful for building a credit history?
Can I earn money, points or other benefits from my rent payments ($4k/month)?
Build credit card rewards while in debt?
Looking to buy a car, looking for advice on best options?
Wife &amp; I are inheriting around $20k and want to invest in something for our two children....whats a good option??
I bank with 3 banking institutions, who should stay, who should go?
Should I transfer to a school for 100K in loans or go back to junior college?
What to do with crippling loan debt?
What percentage of income should be dedicated to housing?
Should I use my 401k$ and take the hit to get out of debt?
Just bought a house. What do I do next?
With interest rates so low, should I bother making a larger than 20% down payment on a house?
My credit score is low, but husband's is high. How to go about buying a home?
22 y/o and I just put $4,400 in my ROTH IRA. Next steps?
Converting 401k to Roth IRA: should I buy an electric vehicle for the tax credits?
Protecting my Identity?
still owe 23k on my car with 70,000 miles. Should I sell it and lease?
Careless spending?
Parents have no savings, what can I do?
question about when do debit cards get declined?
Is 744 a good enough credit score to not worry?
Should I use the equity in my house for the 20% down payment for our first investment property, or should my girlfriend put 5% down that she could declare as a primary residence?(CA)
I am freaking out did i get scammed at a dealership?
Should I Borrow Money From My Boyfriend?
Savings options as a single parent with a newborn?
Should I dump my hometown bank in favor of a national chain?
Which online stock broker do you use, and why did you choose it over the alternatives?
My auto loan has a lower rate than my student loans! How/Where do i refinance student loans?
I'm thinking on buying a new house from a builder. Should I use a realtor?
31yo in NY, networth of $80K USD. How am I doing?
American moving to Australia. Should I transfer my money to a higher interest AU account?
Anyone using Motif Investing?
A year out of college. What should I do with my 403b, a 20% raise, and ~$10,000 if I want to buy a house soon?
Buying a car before starting a new job?
Is it worth it to consolidate all my debts into 1 payment?
What's the average monthly cost of a kid?
29 Years Old with 2 Dependents...What do I need to do differently?
Will selling a vehicle (with car loan) affect mortgage closing?
I am 22 years old, earn enough money to put aside $1k AUD a month. What is the smartest thing to do with it?
25/m Just started saving. Have less than 1k in savings, what should I do?
Have some appreciated securities but I don't want to pay taxes on selling them now. How can I delay the impact of taxes?
Best bank to stick money inside in california?
Trying to buy a car. Can you folks help me?
How can I raise my credit score by a few points quickly?
First job, what do I do?
I'm having my first nephew! What's my best options for contributing a meager monthly amount ($25-$50) towards a college fund for him?
It's all laid out there; who can give me ideas for a better plan?
22/m $16,000 in savings. Should I invest or buy house?
Leaving the USA after graduating college?
How fast can you expect your credit score to rise if you're paying off your bill every month?
Significant credit card debt - great payment history though. Should I consolidate via personal loan, etc?
I have a baby on the way, with 12k in mutual funds should I cash them or continue to contribute as a rainy day fund?
Retirement or real estate?
Should I put my cash towards school or invest it?
My credit score is good, my Fiancee's is bad, how does this affect the future?
Closing a bank account?
Redditors without a job, how do you make money?
What exactly is stock options?
Would you avoid doing business with a potential landlord that asks for credit card/bank info on a credit check?
Where in the 'retirement wallpaper' would saving for and purchasing a house fall?
Generally, what makes more money, DRIPs or mutual funds?
Should I consider buying a house when my rent is up?
Are joint CC accounts bad?
So, as someone with their first job ever and having never used a bank before, what's the best bank to go with?
Need advice! should I get the loan?!?!? (CA)
Mutual Fund Question?
Is $500/month a fair cost to eliminate my $30,000 of debt?
$650 in a 401k. Is there anything I can do with it?
Inherited a small home that needs repairs. Should I fix it up first? Do I need to worry about taxes?
Did I get screwed out of my deposit? Please help.
What should I do with my $10,000 emergency fund?
How can I dispute a debt?
I'm 14. What should I be doing to prepare myself for the future, financially? (CA)
17 here, what would you have done differently at my age knowing what you know now?
Can PayPal access my linked bank account without my consent?
Student loan repayment options: any reason not to choose a low payment and pay more every time?
Do you feel that your personal economic situation is getting better?If not, why?
What happens if i pay minimum on credit card?
Keep all my money in the bank as 21yo?
Best broker for mutual funds?
I want to invest 10000 EUR in a low risk, at least 20% annual growth thingy. What do I do? (RO)
Is getting a personal loan from a bank to improve credit score viable?
How much should I be earning a week before I am financially prepared to move out of home? (AU)
25, unemployed, multiple student loans in 3 places (fedloan, ACS, ECSI). How can I consolidate to just ONE place, ONE loan?
I have a secure credit card with a $400 deposit, when I cancel my card will I get that money back?
17 and pregnant - how do I not screw this up?
Making $1200 in savings a month as a 20 y/o student in college. Should I contribute half to a long-term stock portfolio, open a Roth IRA, or keep it in savings?
What happens when a family member passes away and you inherit a house?
For those of you that had a lot of debt and overcame it to become debt-free, how did you live?
Refi'd my car, gap insurance refund?
My wallet was stolen. Did I take all the correct steps?
Should I join my school's credit union?
(NZ) Young, educated, now what?
Financial noob. Could someone evaluate my situation and give me some tips? Thank you!
How should I pay things that can be monthly or one off complete payments?
22, starting a full time job. How should I invest?
Investing in my Korean apartment. Is this a guaranteed 12% roi?
What is the best thing to do with my money before graduating college?
Will switching banks hurt me? I have a credit card, savings account, and checking with BoA and want to switch.
How to go about renting out your house?
My engagement ring was not acceptable apparently. How can I mitigate my financial loss? Details in post.
Simple question: Is getting loans for community college worth it, or should I work full time instead?
How do I deal with RSU's that I want to sell?
28 year old male: Contribute more to 401K aggressively save for a down payment on a house?
Tell me, what's the downside to investing 100k+ in P2P lending? (Lending Club)
Investing for regular returns -- real estate, stocks/bonds, other?
How much is it worth to not burn a bridge in your field of employment? AKA what would you do in this situation?
Trying to figure out my 401k and how to allocate my funds. Can someone take a look and help? Waaaay too many choices.
At what point is it best to let things fall off your credit rather than paying them, when trying to fix things?
Pay off student loans or save for house/condo?
What is your trick for staying motivated? All I have to show for my hard work is paper money. I'm going to crack!
Could someone help me understand how property tax works?
Anyone else seeing this Mint.com issue?
83(b) election and partial vesting on restricted stock?
When Do I Ask For A Raise?
I have 3 different jobs, why does my income tax vary so much between the three? (NYC - US)
I'd like Finance a Car and I can put about 16 grand as a down payment. Is it smart to put the remainder on my credit card for the points, and slowly pay off my credit card debt? (US)
What is the best free money management software?
Debt collectors and passport numbers? [UK]
Investment Grade Whole Life insurance?
Our friends are kinda rude about our debt. Does anyone else have this problem? How do you deal with it?
Have student loan debt $27K, and enough cash on hand to pay it off, should I?
What do I need to know before buying a house?
$40k in checking, where can I put it for some returns not knowing when I will need it?($30k was/is for first home/moving expenses until i lost my job)
How do I become responsible with money?
Would it be living within my means to take out an auto loan? Details inside.
What are my best options for paying off my student loans?
Should I use my credit card over my debit card? (BR)
buying in bulk savings? software tracking?
I just paid off 3 of my 4 student loans in a lump sum and my credit score lowered 25 points. Is this normal?
Is this a reasonable plan for a recent graduate?
mint.com equivalent?
I have one year to go from taken-care-of to independent, any advice? (US)
What's the best way to support parents financially?
How can I change my way of thinking towards money?
WSJ: Can You Handle the Market’s Stress Test?
Helloooo Intern Season. What are some tips for new interns starting their 3-month job?
How should I consider personal finance as an expat? (US-&gt;DE)
I've been bouncing debt between 0% balance transfer credit cards for nearly ten years. Any reason not to?
How to negotiate your salary at a new job?
Employer 401k doesnt match - should I still contribute?
How long did it take you to save for your Emergency Fund?
MyPlanIQ worth it?
Should I take out a Lending Club loan to consolidate our credit card debt?
(NL) Complete Noob here. Is there any way to get my finance in order?
Debit card raided this weekend should I file a police report?
I'm facing forclosure on my house. I could save $2000 every month by not buying weed or steam games, but I don't wanna. What do, /r/personalfinance?
Hello financially smart people! I'm looking for books to read that will educate me on personal finance. Is there any recommended reading? (CA)
What's are some clever ways to turn down loaning money to a friend?
How Can I Improve My Financial Situation While On Disability?
Paying minimum on loans - is my logic sound?
Not eligible for employer's 401k plan until July-- can I deduct this year's traditional IRA contributions?
How do I get in touch with a real person at the IRS?
How much is too much toward tax-sheltered retirement savings?
New FICO scores meaning crazy jumps in numbers?
Taking up a credit for a used-car or should I wait until I can pay it with cash? (GER)
My wife sold her car. Should we put the 100% of the money toward her next car or use it to pay down debt?
How to make the best with what i've got?
Should i Refinance?
How do I find an apartment if I have no credit history?
What to do with my income? Recently paid out all debt.
To those who have refi'd with SoFi - have any knowledge on income requirements?
Deeply underwater with my car, made a mistake and I need to get out of my loan, what are my options?
Assuming I don't contribute more than $5,500 to an emergency fund per year, why wouldn't I just treat a Roth IRA as that emergency fund?
Can Roth IRA contribution withdrawals be restored in the same tax year?
Taking a loan from 401k?
Considering buying a home, but my SO doesn't like the idea of paying towards a mortgage on a house she doesn't own. Advice?
What is the best way to loan money to my out-of-country friend?
How much social security might I collect? (Traditional online calculators seem not applicable)
Major issue with credit report and applying for a mortgage...what can I do!?
Anybody out there have good experience with consolidating school loans?
Paying a credit card before the due date?
Pulled 3 Bureau CR &amp; FICOs from Experian last week. Pulled Trans Union today, score differs by 100+ pts. What would cause this?
Hi, I am 22 years old, about to finish college and my immediate goal is moving out of my house. What expenses do I need to consider in order to figure out what my salary/job requirements are?
Can I now retire?
Is it a good idea to put major expenses (i.e. college tuition) on a credit card and them immediately pay it off in order to build credit?
Self-employment tax. How can I reduce my tax burden at end of year?
Did I get scammed? (Please be kind.)
What can I do in this situation?
Identity thief filed my dad's taxes for 2013 already and it's affecting my financial aid eligibility for college?
If the only credit card I qualify for is a secured card with an annual fee, and you're not supposed to close your oldest credit card ever, does that mean I am stuck paying the annual fee for the rest of my life? (x-post r/Credit)
Would you make this move? - Moving my family in with my parents.
Defer Student Loans next month or hold out until raise?
Why is the 401(k)'s tax-deferred status is a good thing?
Sold stocks, used capital losses to fund Roth IRA. Did I make a mistake?
Saving up to buy a house in 5-10 years, but I always see recommendations to avoid stocks for short/medium-term goals. Advice?
Have to Roll Over Traditional + Roth 401k From Paycheck... Fees?
how does interest work in CD'?
Can someone explain why bonds are so cool, and why I should have them?
Buying a house vs Renting indefinitely?(In Canada)
Sell/shut down my business?
Frozen credit check??
Why should I choose a national/local bank over a credit union?
Breaking a lease in Wisconsin, US - am I hosed?
Move near school or stay with parents?
Buying a truck for the first time brand new, realistically how low can I get the cost?
Why are USAA's Roth IRAs not good?
Student here. living between student loan payments on about £40/w after rent. If you could vive one piece of financial advice to help me save a nest egg, what would it be?
Financial advice for an 18 year old just starting?
How does refinancing a car loan work, and is it worth it?
Paying off portion of undergrad loans using graduate loans -- Good idea?
Lump Sum Pension Payout--a good idea?
I am looking for advice as to whether I should sell my house or continue to rent it out. What is the key factor in this decision?
You have a high-paying job and a mortgage. Suddenly you have the cash to pay it off. Do you?
CASH ISA's are they worth it? (UK)
Which takes priority? Tax-advantaged allocation, or low ERs?
Charge-Off on credit report but already paid. What to do?
Best Option for Joint Wedding Planning Fund?
Are there any downsides to using autopay?
How to Effectively Manage Your Household Finances?
Why is being married considered more expensive/costly?
New medical job with lots of down time. Hours with nothing to do, but be on call. What would PF do to earn some extra money?
You have a high-paying job and student loans. Suddenly you have the cash to pay it off. Do you?
Student Loans- should I be paying as much as I can?
Article: One late mega-retirement or multiple mini-retirements?
Stuck waiting for the housing market? Or are there other options?
Boyfriend is 63 and lost his job, what to do about his 401(k)?
$40k in graduate loans - should I refinance?
Trading in my car with 20 months of payments left - how does it work?
Sophomore in College, Time to Pay off Loans?
Do you participate in your company's ESPP? If so, why? And how is it working out for you?
Should I invest in my own 401k or Roth IRA?
Getting approved for a lease/car loan right out of college?
Is it worth it to go back to school at this point?
value to mileage when buying a used car?
What should I do with ESPP and Stock awards?
Getting divorced - What do I do with the money?
Auto accident with driver not covered under car's insurance policy?
Currently saving for a car, but is it best given my situation? (CAN)
1 year to go on mortgage, is it sensible to take out Home Equity loan to do some remodeling when that is paid off, or save and remodel when I can pay all out of pocket?
What is the best bank I can choose?
How do I become a better saver? Advice? Working for 3yrs, no debts, and have $0 in savings.
When can I refinance?
Want to open a Vanguard/T Rowe Price Roth IRA but I don't have the minimum balance yet. Do I save or look for a no min IRA?
Not sure which credit card to get?
As a summer intern (~$17,000 gross) a Roth IRA makes sense right?
What is an FHA loan? Do you recommend going that route as a young married couple?
Does the Boglehead 3 fund portfolio scale up well?
Should I just pay my fiancee's student loan balance in full?
Our scenario, what have I missed?
After tax 401k and rolling into Roth IRA?
How much should I save before I move out?
Should I be contributing to my 401k?
Starting a 529 savings plan. Smart Idea? Looking for a push or devil's advocate.
Going to be fired in the next few weeks. Resign or ride it out?
Just graduated high school, started a bank account at Wells Fargo, and going to a college that costs around $25,000 per year. Help?
Quick sanity check: If I expect to be in the 15% tax bracket this year, I should realize some of my long term capital gains, and then just repurchase the funds immediately. Right?
How long after I pay off my credit card debt can I expect my credit score to rise?
Rollover my old 401k into an IRA or my new employer's 401k?
How much should I have in my emergency fund immediately after closing on a house?
I now have a Roth IRA and an Individual Mutual Fund, am I doing this right?
Employer doesn't offer 401K plan, what are my other options?
Setting goals: better to be conservative or push ourselves? Need advice!
Amex cashback and Chase / Barclaycard points rewards credit card combo?
Why should I shoot for a greater than 20% down payment on a home / does my take / plan make sense?
Military Retirement, Divorce, and Career Status Bonus. What do I do?
Does this program look like a scam?
Are there websites that give you your credit report and fico score for free?
First time banking - What do you recommend?
Direct rollover from state pension to Roth IRA. Does that contribute to the yearly $5500 limit?
19 Year Old With 11K saved up in a Money Market Account thats wants to start investing in the stock market, where do I start?
Downsize truck now or later? (CA)
Hiring a nanny. How do I give her health insurance?
Am I leaving 401k matching funds on the table?
Is there a sane way to use margins/loans/credit to increase my invested capital?
Questions about the AMEX Blue Cash Preferred?
Getting a car loan with no existing credit?
Should I gift my girlfriend money?
I'm getting married in 1 year. Should I file for bankruptsy now to avoid lingering debts?
Friend asked to borrow $8k to buy new truck, advice?
Paying off debt or saving? Which one should I be more aggressive about?
Helped my Girlfriend buy a car, now we are breaking up. What should I do?
How much can I, roughly, expect to save by retirement?
How long did it take to pay off your student loans?
I'm a 1099, working on my own. Which retirement plan is best?
Discover Student loans....your experience? Advice? suggestions?
What happens to credit debt if you die?
Can an HSA + 401k + (misc) be used to eliminate income to hide in the 15% tax bracket and, then, eliminate capital gains up to top of the 15% tax bracket?
Flexible Spending Account - Dependent Care Account?
What if your SO likes to spend money?
What can I do with a SO debts?
First pay check in months what do I do with it?!
What should I apply this extra money to each month?
While we're on the subject of cars &amp; loans: My wife's car is in her parents name. Do we need to do anything?
Need $3k to get started. What are my options?
What online portfolio tracker's do you use?
I have a capital loss in 2013, an amount that is &lt; $450. I did not report it in my tax returns. Will the IRS come after me (two or three years down the road) for not reporting this loss?
Can you help me assess my income, make my nest move?
References for a used car?
How early can I add my kid to my credit card to build her credit history?
Are Massage Chairs FSA eligible with a prescription?
Auto Refinance Options with Poor Credit Score?
Should I put in my 1 allowance for my paychecks, or should I keep it at 0 until I file my taxes and then claim my 1 allowance?
What's the catch?
Asset Allocation: OK to have the same strategy between all retirement accounts and personal investment?
Minimum amount needed to invest?
should i convert my 401(k) to a roth 401(k)?
I am under a Pay as you earn student loan repayment plan which forgives the remaining balance of the loan after 20 years, is there any reason to pay more than the minimum payment?
Best "break even" calculator for refinancing mortgage?
Just turned 18, got a sum of money from a settlement. What do i do?
Federal and Private loans - Can I consolidate?
How do I deal with wife's private student loans (not in FAQ)? They come out of deferment before she graduates. Any advice? Thanks!
Paying more than 15% on a large student loan. Should I reduce my payments?
Is having an unsubsidized loan accrue interest while I'm in school worth having a lower interest rate?
Salary negotiation for a private school teacher - Advice/Similar Stories? Details inside.
When getting a loan, does one build credit faster without a cosigner or does the rate at which your credit increase the same with a cosigner?
Quick questIon about Big box store credit cards and their affects on credit score?
Newly Married- Husband has ENORMOUS student loans- what are our options?
Student with parents financials drastically changed, would it be worth it to tell the school?
Company providing company car, what to do with current car?
Should I cancel a CC?
How do I go cashing my company's checks that we won from varying student competitions?
With respect to increasing my credit score: When I go to pay my credit card, should I go ahead and pay any current existing balance at due date, or just the "new balance" as listed on my statement?
Just turned 21 and trying to move out of my parents' house. Terrible credit. How do I fix this?
I have a 2004 Toyota Corolla in reasonably good condition. Is it worthwhile to get collision insurance?
Anybody here knows how to negotiate NJCLASS loans?
Accidentally re-opened a CC?
Is it good to spread out a lot of money over different bank accounts?
No more grants, what do i do?
Whats some good financial plans for someone whos going to study abroad in AUS?
Just got some extra money, which loan should I pay off??
Just Graduated High School. What now?
Do brokerage firms exist that only deal with lazy portfolios and target dates?
21 yr old Uni Student, 17.5k savings, earning $800-$1,000 a week, how could I invest my money? (Australia)
Best for credit score?
529 plan state tax reductions?
How do I go about consolidating my student loans?
Practical and decent paying jobs for a 60 year old?
Girlfriend moving into my condo and wants one of the bills in her name. Is there anything I should be concerned with?
Switched jobs, should I roll my conservative retirement account now with market prices at all time highs?
I just got my first full-time job. How do I proceed?
Where to Spend my Bonus?
46yo, single, 1 child, 120k job, 280k 401k - what next?
Is a 401k and Roth IRA technically the same? Can I have both at the same time?
How can I get my grocery spending under control?
My gf [27] got $10,000 in a personal injury case. What is your best advice to do with the money?
36yo, married, ~$90k total income, ~$50k investments - what next? Looking for advice, tips, similar stories
Me (naval officer) and my wife (teacher) have 300k in student loan debt. Should I feel safe on PSLF?
Just graduated college. Credit score of 602. What should I be doing to improve my score? What are my options for credit cards?
Tracking down 401Ks (rolling them over?), starting a Roth IRA, and other PF advice for my cousin.
Got a job, should or how can I negotiate salary?
What to do when you are almost 50, may be about to lose your job, and are deeply in debt?
Student loans - how do you stay motivated?
My mother, 60 yr, illiterate with sever back issues is being forced to look for work, what jobs are practical for her?
Changed employers recently, 401k, Roth IRA questions and gift money... What should I do?
Credit Card debt - how to get head above water?
Moving to another country next year. Should I be keeping every receipt?
Looking to refinance my mortgage, do these numbers look better?
How many dependents should I claim on my withholding? (U.S.)
Budgeting AND Bill Pay Schedule software?
Urgent situation in a country where I don't speak the language. Can a bank give me a check for the money in my account if I don't have a "checking" account?
401K inheritance rolled over into a IRA, possibly improperly. What now?
Is it ok to back down my retirement contributions to save for a house down payment?
17yro, 66k salary, what to do?
What to do with my 30k emergency fund?
What are some good tax factoids to know?
Retirement / house down payment: Backdoor Roth IRA or Roth 401(k)?
Do home renovation first or buy income property?
What are some ideas or what do you do to bring in extra income every month?
Is this how a home equity line of credit works?
we're hemorrhaging money on a crappy mortgage rate but no clue what our house is worth, best way to get refinanced?
ELI5 - If I get a "prescreened" or "pre-selected" credit card offer, am I assured of approval? If not, how can they do this?
Can I contribute to an IRA if my income comes from excess scholarship money?
Does it make sense to apply for a loan with a cosigner with sligtly worse credit then myself (the borrower)?
leaving pension-covered employment - roll over pension funds into roth or let sit?
What can I afford as far as an apartment goes?
How to look for a job?
Will cancelling a Grad Plus Loan prior to disbursement (but after approval and signed master promissory note) hurt my credit score?
Pay off student loan, or pay down home loan to get rid of mortgage insurance?
Use 401k money to pay off debt?
Close Credit Card or Leave it open?
Is bankruptcy the answer for my aging parents?
Public Service Loan Forgiveness: Pay the minimum or more?
Should I take out a student loan for a my BA?
Should they pay the credit card or keep saving for a house?
I'm 25, voluntarily leaving a well-paying job to return to Grad school (fully funded)... What do I do with my money?
Pay off student loans, invest, or 50-50?
Credit card 3 overdue by 3 months. I never used it and it had 0 balance. Turns out there was a $60 yearly fee that came out that I wasn't aware of. What are my options?
BoA credit card closed after a period of inactivity?
Hedge against rising housing prices by investing in REITs?
Figured I'd try my hand here too. Father (62 entrepreneur) went bankrupt. Is there a way? (CA)
Figured I'd try my hand here too. Father (62 entrepreneur) went bankrupt. Is there a way? (CA)
Best 401K Funds to Choose?
Medical billing submitted my claims after the deadline. What are my options?
US Military Officer, 26 yr old, ~$92k/year civilian equivalent income--how should my potential for a military retirement affect my investment strategy?
GFE and Estimated HUD, Down payment?
Brand new car?
Free financial models to help you?
(CAN) How much should I be spending on a car?
Help with buying semi-expensive computer?
Clarify. Is a equity loan and mortgage the same thing?
I need money from my 401K. Badly. Should I roll to traditional IRA, then withdraw? What is the best way to do this?
Buying precious metals?
How to take advantage of the recent Executive Order limiting student loan payments?
App similar to ImpulseSave?
How much money would you need right now to feel comfortable retiring?
Possible school expenses in three years - want to save in low risk investments in a Roth IRA?
Store-based credit card might close due to inactivity. How might this impact me?
Are home listing prices on websites like zillow/trulia usually negotiable?
Will the higher education finance bubble ever burst (US)?
Applied for a car loan with my CU, was pre-approved. Dealership gave me a better loan. Now my bank sent me an "Adverse Action Notice" saying my loan was denied. This is hurting credit score, right?
How do you get a good credit rating? (UK)
Sliding into debt, and probably destroying my credit. Any advice to get it together?
Should we switch from 30 year fixed to 5/1 ARM?
Harms of leaving old 401k alone?
Which is more beneficial?
What to do with my broken vehicle? Any advice appreciated.
I have the ability to pay off my car now, but me and my friend are saving for a house, what should I do? PLEASE HELP!
These are the investment options in my 401k list. Can you help me chose?
60k In Student Loans - Advice on repayment?
Just got a HUGE credit increase. Should I keep it, or ask for a reduction?
How much should I be saving?
Has anyone pursued Certified Financial Planning as a side job? Is that feasible? If so, what was it like?
Is there anything wrong with Sallie Mae for a student loan?
I have the ability to pay off my car now, but me and my friend are saving for a house, what should I do? PLEASE HELP!
Credit increase or new card?
Series EE bonds from 20 years ago - sell and invest elsewhere?
Should I buy a new car?
Will changing a credit card within the same lender hurt my credit score?
Are credit cards with an annual fee worth it?
How screwed am I? Questions regarding 401k, loans, and cars
Looking for some advise.. am I managing everything correctly? Should I be doing something else?
Should I stick it out with my Vangaurd 2055?
What benefits are there to upgrading my credit card?
What kind of account would be best for college savings for a 3 month old?
How can I fix a dumb credit mistake from my past?
What should I do with new income?
Can I give up on one half of a percent of interest on a bank account for sheer convenience?
Met with a free financial advisor who advocated investing in mutual funds. Am I being sold on something or is this really a mutually beneficial relationship?
Any budgeting advice for a server who's income is largely based on tips?
Got a good job that gives me a draw, but I'm broke as a joke! Will a credit card help me in this case? Especially when I can expense gas and meals and hotels?!
Cost incurred by having to pay lower interest-rate loan instead of higher one?
I live in California and just got a part time job. How do I tell the DMV and do I still get some benefits since I am underemployed?
I have money in an education savings account that I'm unsure if I'll use by 30. Withdraw the money with tax and penalty?
I live in California and just got a part time job. How do I tell the EDD and do I still get some benefits since I am underemployed?
Buying a large amount of stock index from bond index: buy all at once or split it up across time?
Anyone got a good cd early withdrawal calculator?
Super complicated: my trustees mismanaged my various trusts, losing/spending all but $100k. Can I either remove them as trustees or terminate the trusts?
Need to move $28k in current 401k. Roll into new (unknown) 401k, or into IRA even if I might have to backdoor this year?
Exercising options for blue chip company. Sell immediately, or hold for a year?
Is it worth waiting a year for college if it means staying at home?
How legitimate are the services offered by credit repair companies like Park View Legal?
What type of credit card should I get? Recent College Graduate.
If i removed Escrow from my mortgage payment would i effectively save the 5.75% interest on the money not spent toward Escrow?
Cheapest way to track S&amp;P 500 with an etf?
If the cash value of my WL Life Insurance is greater than my investment, why is Term Life insurance better?
Jobless recent grad looking at apartments. Can I make this work by August 1?
Roth 401k or normal? Thoughts?
Both my parents died. I'm 20. What do I do?
Job offer does not offer 401(k), is that a deal breaker?
New Career What do i do?
20 years old and just got my first job. What should I do?
Other (very) simple investment options besides a 401k?
Starting out with multiple credit cards?
I have the opportunity to work full-time in the US (California) and live part-time in Canada (Toronto), how is this going to affect how I pay tax?
Is this a good passive income idea?
US wife receives $450 a month, what's the best way to use this towards a retirement fund?
Self-employment tax, filling out the estimated tax worksheet - "Enter your expected wages (if subject to social security tax or the 6.2% portion of tier 1 railroad retirement tax)" - ... what does this mean?
Paying a large sum during PAYE?
Should I get an Index Fund directly from Vanguard? Or just invest in one through an IRA?
Why does everyone here recommend target date funds for Roth IRAs?
Guys what's the best checking account to open.. is it Chase?
Should a patient be billed the difference between what a provider charges and what the insurance company pays them?
USDA home loans?
Secure alternative to Mint.com?
Pension - do people still work at the same place for 30 years? (CAN)
Ontario graduate - should I pay back my whole debt at once?
College Savings Surplus: How to invest?
Use 0% Balance Transfer to aid in building Emergency Fund?
[US] (Yet Another...) Help with 401(k) Allocation and Fund Choices?
Husband was laid off....keep daycare or no?
Does it make sense to withdraw all my money from my ROTH IRA and payoff my student loans?
Just got hired for my first salaried job. How should I budget?
What Credit Card reports authorized users credit?
Very little formal higher education. Are the loans worth it?
How do you teach PF values to kids/teens?
Solo 401k versus SEP IRA versus Roth IRA?
How are my finances?
What should I do with this retirement money?
I'm 31 years old, have a good job, no debt and don't struggle with money but have never kept track of my finances... any reason I should start?
Where can I get the best car loan APR if I have good credit?
What to do with an American Express "Serve" card?
Same strategy for both Roth IRA and 401(k), considering trade commissions?
How do I get rid of this issue on my credit report?
Aetna HSA connecting with Mint?
Pay for a used car completely in cash or finance with the dealer for lower and payoff immediately?
approaching retirement, sell and invest or keep the house?
The best places to finance a car?
Any zero interest, zero transfer balance credit cards out there?
Surprise! Student Loans: Which Should I Pay off First and how quickly?
How To Interpret A Lien Check On A Car? (CA)
Should I start a roth IRA?
I have money in different 401K's from different employers - should I consolidate?
[US] Starting my first full-time job on Monday. Could you help me plan my financial strategy?
How can I quit bad spending habits?
Limited 401k match worth it?
What should I do with my savings?
What should I be doing to secure my financial future as a 24 year old one year out of college?
[AUS] I am 23, finished uni and just started working full time for ~65k a year and have a huge disposable income. What should I do with it?
(UK) - I'm 31, £25k in debt, unemployed for 3 years and suicidal - Where do I start?
How do I pick a financial adviser?
Reality check: am I financially ready to buy a duplex and rent out half?
How is my credit score affected by cancelling a credit card?
Looking for advice...medical bills setting me back. Use emergency fund?
Sooo... What actually happens (financially) when you get married?
Major Deductions for Single High Earners?
Depositing large amounts of money. Best way?
My mom is 60 and just sold her house with virtually no other savings. How should she invest the money?
Which car to sell?
If the company I work for isn't taking out the correct amount of benefit deductions from my paycheck, will I have to pay them back?
Getting a vehicle through work. Do we sell a car?
(Teenager, 17) I got my first job and never spend money, anything I could invest in right away?
What Should I Do With a "Large" Amount of Savings? I Have a Car Loan, Student Loans, and am in the Market for Purchasing a Home...
Will my Vanguard TRF 2055 rollover continue to grow without added funds?
Carrying a balance on a 0% credit card, any negatives to just making the minimum payments?
Does anyone have any bearing on the Affordable Care Act? I have a question that concerns my finances.
so... what happens when you actually get divorced?
Debt: Pay off student loan or car loan first? Or just grow savings?
Need some help small amount of money..?
Leaving retail job soon... what happens to my 401K and pension?
Changing bank accounts - what does the new bank know? (UK)
[Advice] Can I afford to go back to school?
[Advice] Can I afford to go back to school?
How to obtain my first credit card?
I make decent take home pay, do I not save enough?
HOA treasurer refusing to produce financial statements. What can I do?
Fiance has several credit cards that she never uses. Would canceling them all hurt her credit score?
We're looking for some help on financing. Does anyone know what I can do about a mortgage?
[GER] What should i do with my savings?
Is grad school a good investment for me right now?
Should I get a Chase Freedom Card?
Thinking about MBA in the future, how much to but in 401K now?
Stock options - Advice?
Is it possible to negotiate the terms of a private student loan AFTER the loan has already been taken out? Details inside.
Is there any way to get a recently paid off "negative record" on my credit report removed?
should my mom sell or gift me my car?
What do you guys think of this compound interest calculator?
Student loan forgiveness? Is there something I'm missing?
What should I do with this summer money?
Asking for a raise?
I have the opportunity to become a dual citizen of Italy, is there any financial reason why I shouldn't do it?
How much does everyone pay for health insurance? Apparently I make too much for Medicaid and not enough for private insurance.(US)
Should I save or pay off debts?
Should I pay off my loans? I don't have to pay interest yet and I'm still in school.
How does one hire a personal finance consultant?
So how does this sound as a strategy for home ownership?
Staying on parent's health insurance, and taking payout from work? (US)
Buying a cheap car: cash, lease, or loan?
Any reason to have a debit card?
Should I buy a new or used car?
What can I do at 16 to ensure a bright future finance wise?
Longtime lurker, recently discovered I got pregnant on birth control. You guys don't have an "F$%K! Suprise Baby" FAQ category yet, can this be the start? :(
New Grad. What to do with RSUs?
I am the son of a deceased veteran who has land but has taxes debts. Is there any way I can sell/get anything from the land?
Can someone help me understand my paycheck deductions?
Missold Investments And Poor Financial Advice?
Transferring money from UK account to Australia. What's the best method?
$500 to my name. Help?
Conflicting information about paying installment loans off... help?
What personal finance do you have for middle schoolers??
Do I make enough to buy a rental house?
What makes a Roth different from a regular brokerage account?
Is it possible to reverse mortgage your home while renting it out to someone else?
Is this a good idea?
Can I afford this mortgage?
Paid 4-month internship in Seattle, should I take the rent stipend or corporate housing?
Landlord possibly terminating lease?
I need to get a credit card can anyone help me figure out which ones have the best benefits?
I'm 26, single, and have maxed out my 401k for 2014. Where can I put money away for the remainder of the year? [Details inside]
What should I be looking for in a credit card?
Help with Roth contribution limits -- am I going to be in trouble?
Cash back CC for travel?
Can I avoid capital gains by gifting stock to my fiance?
How can I afford braces?
What are good traits in a CC?
When is it worth enrolling in short term disability through employer?
Can we afford to buy a condo?
Parents said "they will be my emergency fund", do I still need one?
How does my retirement investing look?
Life insurance policy - keep or cash out?
Should I consider food storage as part of my emergency fund?
Should I get a HELOC for emergency funds?
Are debt management programs right for me?
Can getting married hurt people with two substantial incomes? When is it worth it?
What is an accepted percentage of your take home pay to spend on things you don't need?
Should I pay off student loans before investing monthly in a S&amp;P 500?
Just got approved for my 1st credit card, what can you guys tell me?
Student loan question...why should I try to pay off my loans?
Steps for settling a credit card &amp; consequences?
First time car buyer, will cosigning with my brother w/ DUI record affect me?
Do you have a side gig? Why/why not?
Hidden costs or concerns with inheriting/renting out a house?
Refinance the house to pay off student loans?
Before we give (solicited) advice, does our married personal financial method make sense? (US)
Paying Off Car Loan or Keeping the money and doing something else?
Hiring independent insurance adjuster after fire damage?
I'm about to move out with friends and going to be the money handler is there any apps or helpful tips to make sure everyone is paying on time?
Better for getting a mortgage: putting all $$ towards the down payment OR using it to pay off existing lines of credit and having a lower down payment?
Recovering credit score - open credit card or just pay loan?
How much money/year do you guys plan on drawing out during retirement?
I was given several Vanilla Visa Gift Cards, do you know of anyone to get the money out so that I don't have to use them?
How can I estimate my net income before I start my new job?
Should I change my Car Loan to a Consolidation Loan?
Request for help with 401K investment funding?
[HSA] Where is the most cost effective place to invest my HSA money?
I'm anticipating my income to go up next year - should I buy now or wait another year?
Maxing out tax-advantaged accounts early in the year: Is it worth it?
Does it make sense to pay student loans in weekly payments as opposed to monthly?
What financial decisions or actions need/should be made when one turns 18?
How would you go about negotiating a your salary during the hiring process?
Job change - pension and 457(b) rollover?
Wallet was stolen today, what steps should I take to protect myself from ID theft?
How should I pay off student loans?
Can I afford to live on my own?
Newly divorced single mother with a new job...what should I put on my W2? It may be a dumb question, but I appreciate the input.
I beat a debt collector. Now what?
Oh-oh, term life insurance thread. Actually, how the hell do I buy it?
How do I check which address the credit bureau(s) has on file for me?
Joint account with ex, can I legally spend from it?
Is college tax deductible for 24 year olds?
Vanguard requires a brokerage account to purchase ETFs?
Cost basis on exchanged/gifted assets?
What is the reasoning behind contribution limits in a Roth IRA?
22, small medical debt at collections, what to do?
Selling a house after a year?
Taking the points discount or rate reduction?
Can I Afford A House? 2 years out of grad school
When do you rebalance your portfolio?
Personal line of credit for graduate school expenses?
I'm quitting my job to go back to school. What do I do with my 401k?
If you buy an international mutual fund like VGTSX, do you have to pay foreign taxes on dividends and eventually when you sell?
Should I purchase a home in an already gentrified neighborhood?
Tools to track/total spending?
Can wife afford to stay at home when we have our second child? Should we?
I (M/22) live in Central London, and my SO is moving in for 2 months to find a job. Should I charge her anything?
Is there an european equivalent to the Sallie Mae Mastercard that came up in this sub? [Europe/Germany]
Parents handing over 1992 Savings Bonds, which were gifts from when I was born. They don't know anything about them. Should I cash it or keep it?
Which rewards card is ideal for me?
Vanguard Vs. Fidelity Vs. ?: Best Brokerage Website
Should I get another credit card?
28, married with 1 child: would you ever use part of your retirement for a downpayment?
What is the best credit card for me?
W4's and getting married. What to do?
Starting a 529C for my daughter. Don't know which to buy: A or C shares?
Help, Work at a school, not for the school, programs?
Can I buy my dream car?
Did I put myself in a pickle?
Small inheritance and starting a new life, what to do with the money?
I'm about to turn 21. How can I set myself up for financial success?
I am an 18 year old with no credit history and around $2500 in a savings account. I only use my debit card. Should I get a credit card? Which one?
I feel like I'm getting in over my head with trying to pay for college. How am I going to come up with $100,000 for my education?
I'm not going to be working for the next 2 years during University. Can I pull out a private loan to pay for my rent and food while I go to school?
Where to put this money? Question about supect financial advisor.
Discover card vs Discover 'It' card. What's the difference?
Help: Becoming fully financially independent for the first time, what are my options when I don't have a credit score?
Lowered my maximum credit limit on my personal credit card. Does this affect my credit score?
Rent or Sell my condo?
What fund to put my TSP savings in?
Going in for my first meeting with a Financial Adviser, what info should I bring along?
How to turn house into rental property?
I need some advice about rebuilding credit. I am 29 and have not had credit history for the last 7 years. I just received my first credit card from capital. How can I build a strong credit score?
Pay Off Student Loan or Pay Into Company 401k (post-tax) or Both?
Fastest way to recovery - Should I file for Bankruptcy?
I own a small house appraised at 30k, I owe 29k. I currently reside in another home that I own worth $130k. How do I get RID of the smaller house? PLEASE HELP! Details inside!
On my father's Amex, is this affecting my credit score?
19, New car, New Rent, and lost my job right away. What do I do? (CA)
Are any of you financial advisors/planners? How did you get started?
Should I keep my old Capitol One Card from Highschool?
First generation Asian American parent are cash hoarders, help?
No income, small amount of money, recently immigrated to US from Canada. What bank would be best for me to store my small amount of savings, and how can I transfer money from BMO in Canada?
Individual uses credit card to pay for something expensive. Pays it off immediately or within a specified time frame. For credit, is it worth it?
Could I get approved for an unsecured credit card?
Any advice for my payday loan problem?
Student Loans, FAFSA, College Tuition? Where do I start?
Credit clean-up: Get rid of authorized accounts?
Can a bank just close your account and take the money?
Rental House: Keep it or sell it?
Should I cancel my oldest credit card due to it having the lowest credit line?
[PA] Any advantages or unnecessary risks of "buying" my parents' house? How can we do it while minimizing expenses? (x-post /r/legaladvice)
Should I sell my expensive car and get a cheaper one?
Not sure if this is the right place to ask but. I'm sharing a bank account with my mom can she do anything that can screw me over?
Should I buy a house?
To get a gym membership, I need to provide a banking and routing information. Is it possible to use a temporary or virtual account for this purpose?
Student loan repay went from 840 to 908 per month after just 30 days of forbearance... how???
Costco Manager Commits Fraud? What do you think?
ELI5: Why do banks lend at such a low rate for mortgages?
Hi r/personal finance, What is the easiest way to invest $500.00?
My bank notified me that I could borrow around $50,000 at 2.99% Since I don't need it, would it be a good idea to make some investments with it? (CA) (crosspost from r/PersonalFinanceCanada)
What is the best investment option that could be easily and quickly liquidated (w/ little penalty) if necessary?
Is there any reason to get a certificate of deposit?
what do i do if i can't get a cosigner? what does being a cosigner actually entail for all parties involved?
The next phase after student loans?
Is buying a studio apartment a good investment?
How do I make sure I don't pay extra interest by making bigger payments on a Carmax loan?
Mortgage: Bank vs Broker - which is better and why?
What are my best options for renewing my mortgage? (Vancouver, Canada)
Dear Personal Finance, how do you resist the temptation to spend on wants and luxuries?
Has anyone here utilized a refinance and renovate loan to make home repairs/upgrades?
Converting a lot of Euros into Dollars?
Getting married and receiving cash...do I pay off credit card or save for car down payment?
What happens to loans if I leave the country(US)?
How am I doing, budget-wise? [France]
Where to cash a 2500 dollar check with no wait period?
How do I dig myself out of a financial hole? Please help me, I'm desperate.
22 years old in a shitty state with CC debt and student loans. Help?
Is this a normal request when applying for a credit card?
Not many details, but: sudden family death - pay off the mortgage?
How much cash do you have on hand/home?
Have some extra cash lying around in the bank. Let's say I maxed out my Roth IRA for the year.. what should I do with it? Pay down mortgage, leave it in savings, something else?
Should I sell my car?
Where can I get a bad credit loan online? Save me from eviction!
Is there a thing as a temporary credit line increase?
Does anyone have any experience with the "Discover It Chrome" card?
Best thing to do with £23k in the UK?
How is the best way to dispute some charges on my credit score?
Selling a house but not looking to buy again just yet. What are my options?
Any downsides of a credit union?
What are some good websites that allow me to see the cost of living in a city as related to the national average?
Help me understand credit?
High tax bracket, some money in 401k I want to rollover &amp; SEP-IRA I don't want to rollover. Help?
Should I buy a house?
How cheaply do you live?
Selling the majority of my possessions to raise capital for my business after college. Any suggestions?
Pay off car loan, or sell and buy a new vehicle? [Details inside]
Going to inherit around $250k in a few years, currently make not a whole bunch (gsr stipdend), is there some some way to avoid taxes on it due to my current income?
9k Credit card debt - Hold 401k contributions?
Can someone explain to me the dangers of other people knowing your checking account information?
Do I need an estate account?
Redditors that have a decent amount and maintain it, what is some good general financial advice?
Which CC has the lowest cash advance interest rate?
I need to send debt validation letters to creditors. Is this a good example and is there anything else I need to know when sending them?
Credit repair agencies?
Discover Miles card cancelled after cosigner passed away. Can you help?
Car Repossessed - Can they charge me to get my own personal belongings?
Should I withdraw the principal from my IRA?
We have some credit card debt, new jobs, more money, what's the best tactic for paying off the cards in a reasonable time frame?
College student's first credit card?
is there a site that allows me to figure out a livable wage for 1 adult only and not compared to other cities?
I haven't filed my taxes for the last 2 years. What are my options for getting them done?
How do I decide if I should roll over a 401k from my past employer (John Hancock) into the 401k plan from my new employer (Wells Fargo)?
Took out my first credit card, but had to have mom sign on with me (only way Discover would approve me) - am I building credit?
How to get a leg up on my income and expenses, and save for retirement?
Starting a new job mid-year. How can I max out my 401(k)?
Lied about current salary.. How do I come clean ?
Does staying on my parents health insurance keep me a dependent for tax purposes regardless of other financial circumstances?
Mortgage lender changed terms on me a week before settlement. Now I can't afford the loan and am out all fees. What can I do?
Best Saving Investment Vehicle?
23 yrs old making $32,000 salary and no college loans, where should I be with my finances?
Chicago called! Can I make this salary work with my debt?
How can I cut my families spending?
Can I be paid salaried and hourly on the same paycheck?
Should I freeze my Credit Report?
People who live in the Bay Area: is living there affordable if you want to buy a home, save for retirement?
Same Debt Multiple Companies?
What version of Quicken?
Commute has increased to 60 miles (97kms) one way. Do I keep my current car?
Took a new position, but my commute increased to 60 miles one-way. Does it make sense to keep my car with my current financial situation?
I'm in my late 20s, have over 4k in savings and putting a few hundred in a month. Want to invest it in something for higher return. Where do I start?
Pay chunk of student loans now or take my time?
Do pre-screened credit card offers in the mail mean that I am pre-approved based on my credit score?
Help a 15y/o get some money? :D
How likely is it that 7+ different companies would mix up my dad's social security number with mine?
I'm a 15 year old who would like to insure a bright future for myself, any advice?
Finally paid off all my student loans!! What should I work toward next?
Wanted: Personal Financial Manager. Where do I find one? (Not PF Software!)
What are your views about Julie Stav's books? (US) More in the description
Is Pacific Tycoon a scam? My mother wants to invest $20k+ in it.
The "experts" say to budget between 28-33% of take home income for housing... what *exactly* do I include?
Can my tax forms be changed without my permission??
Family member wants to take over car payments, how can we make this agreement as safe as possible?
What should a college kid do with $3,000 that would be a good investment?
Help with 401a allocation?
Temporary US Worker from Canada - Should I invest in the company 401k?
Should I feel bad for leading a lender on?
I co own a photography business. What's the most efficient way to keep track of my finances, personal and business?
Is it possible for a bank to make a transaction that lands you less than 0$ in your debit account?
Finishing my Car Loan. Should I take the risk?
Roth or Traditional IRA?
Will paying off student loans build credit?
How do I change from target date fund into my own allocations for my mutual funds?
Pay down debt, or save more?
I opened a credit card in March and have come to regret it. Will my credit score be effected if I close the account?
Just got a phone call from a collection agency saying my wife's student loan has gone into default. WTF do we do now?
Hey budget lovers: what do you spend on groceries each month?
College Senior, No Debt. Where do I go from here?
What's the best way to go about asking a credit card company if they'd lower your interest rate?
Do I ask for a raise before or during the performance review?
With today's low interest rates, is it a good idea to buy a car in cash?
Backdoor Roth IRA contributions: is there a time limit for the conversion?
Will closing my paid-off credit card negatively impact my credit? Or would keeping it open but not using it be worse?
Will student loan lenders settle on debts?
What would be the best way to refinance my car loan with my credit score?
Can't tell if this is a scam?
I hate my current credit card "rewards," but don't want to close it due to history / credit score. Advice?
Buy stock in the private company I work for? (Details Inside)
Does anyone use "You Need A Budget." for keeping track of expenses?
Credit Unions and Banks suggest taking out loans to build credit?
Just got my first real job. Should I buy a house or rent for awhile?
Withheld rent to force repairs - will this show up on a credit report?
My former employer didn't fully pay out my end of employment bonus. What can I do?
Does anyone have a 401k flow chart illustrating the company, the custodian, the employee, etc?
Returned a leased Nissan Altima but wasn't charged any fees at turn-in...what should I expect next?
Buying a house while in college?
Should I dump my savings to pay off my credit cards?
Auto Insurance: What do you drive, what's your deductible, and what is your monthly premium?
Selling a house while buying a new one, with no income. Do-able? (cross-post r/realestate)
YNAB worth it? I save before I spend but have a loose budget.
Has anyone been able to successfully negotiate with Sallie Mae?
No fee Credit Card for international travel?
Payoff current house or purchase a second home with savings?
Can I add my Social Security contributions to my IRA?
Lower my 401k contributions to pay for home for parent?
Refinance question. Does this [these fees] look about right?
Could someone ELI5 why a Target Date fund is the best beginners option for a new Roth IRA opened through Vanguard?
Can I Afford to Have a Baby?
Charging back rent to SO?
Can't tell if this is a scam?
Should I name drop to get out of a rental lease early?
I know a 401k is preferred to an IRA if there is an employee match. However, my employee is offering a vested 1% of your contributions match. Is this as laughable as I think it is? What match actually makes it worth your time?
Working for yourself? Tips Needed! (CA)
Is my short sale showing up on my credit report correctly?
You Need A Budget - YNAB. Is it worth it?
Mom is in her 60s, Laid Off, and Needs to Restructure Investments. Help?
Denied for a secured credit card! What am I supposed to do now?
Is paying about $120,000 of student loan debt off with no interest doable?
Should I give up a $60k signing bonus?
College student credit card with low personal income?
I took a 50% loan on my house and lost most of it. Can I recover?
Upfront vs. Monthly Personal Mortgage Insurance payments?
How do freelance taxes work in California?
Car loan of over one year not on Credit Karma or Credit Sesame?
Lucked out on "affordable housing". Ideas to maximize gain?
Looking to open a taxable brokerage account. What should I look out for?
Pay off unsubsidized loans before going back to school?
Where to go now?
What do you think of our monthly budget?
I have 2 CC's, one at $5,500 @ 22%APR and one at $2,500 with 22% APR. Is it in my best interest to open up two other CC with 0% Intro APR* on balance transfers for 18 months at a 3% BT fee?
Really, How important is credit score? At what point does credit score not matter?
IBR, PSLF, and parent plus - which loan to pay off first?
Offshore Accounts With Online Setup Options?
Silly question ~ If I move out of the USA, can I still use online brokers like Scottrade?
Refinance with HARP using current mortgage servicer?
Invest or payoff student loans 1-2 years sooner?
Is It Better to Rent or Buy? This tool helps you determine which is best for your situation.
What's the best travel card to start out with?
Savings to pay off debt?
How does auto loan deferment affect credit? Does it?
My GF found some very old UK premium bonds. What do? (Canada)
Well water. Renter. No experience. What should I expect?
How did we do credit scores before credit cards?
If no retirement plan at work, is there an income limit for Traditional IRA contribution for tax deductions?
Are reverse mortgages a permanent fixture of our society and can I safely use it in my retirement calculations?
What sort of scam is this?
~$80,000/yr Income. 25 Years Old. How do I save/invest?
Any downsides to making frequent small investments?
Has anybody used MeetEarnest.com to get a loan?
Significant Student Loans - What to do?
Lost $1500+ Savings Account in Canada, anyone familiar with Canadian Bank law ?
$17,000 just sitting in my account, what should I do?
I have $30k in Exxon shares I'm thinking of selling today and using to fund a 2 yr Master's degree. My plan was to plop the proceeds in a savings account and withdraw from that over the next two years. Is there a better option I'm overlooking?
(UK) Is it a good idea to make all my everyday purchases on credit card to boost my rating?
I don't know if this is the correct subreddit but I think I'm a victim of identity theft?
I just got hired to a startup and have equity as an option. What do I do?
Convert Capital One Platinum into Quicksilver?
Thoughts on the isis mobile wallet?
US vs Canada? Student loans and first credit card.
If offered Vanguard 'total market' funds in your 401k, would you still take cheaper options?
goofy situation- Auto loan and retirement- what to do?
My first "big girl job" with a substantial increase in income...what's my best plan?
Employer doesn't match 401k. Should I be putting that money elsewhere (and other general questions)? (US)
I was wondering what the best approach is to paying for Graduate School?
My parents gave me deed of the house as an "outright gift." Do I have to pay taxes on it?
What Would you Do?
I've seen the order of saving money wall paper several times here now. Why should you max out your IRAs first before your 401(k) or 403(b)?
Should I kill my student loans in 8 months?
Living at home and saving all of my income for law school - credit cards, 401k and savings accounts?
What are some examples of extra savings accounts I should start putting money into now?
Are condos a good investment for a new graduate?
Dad needs to move his 401k, what's the best approach?
20 years old, trying to be proactive about saving up for a downpayment on a house. Im I right in doing this?
(US) What to do if I lost my wallet with everything I had in it?
I co-signed a loan that is already delinquent, how screwed am I? (Ontario, Canada)
(America) Any opinions on municipal bonds? Anything I should know?
Received a paycheck weeks after quitting a job. Best way to return the money?
Am I ready to buy this house?
Is there a way to know if I'll be approved for a car loan before going to a dealership? (Canada)
Best credit card rewards in the form of gift cards?
If you file for taxes separately for two different jobs on two different forms?
Put money into 401k or pay off medical school?
Got offered a car worth 31k for 18k from my Grandpa. Should I pull the trigger?
We just bought a house. How does this affect our taxes?
Have the opportunity for a work van, what should I do?
Is it better to get married or stay single for my student loans?
In college, not sure how to build credit?
How conservative should I be when planning to move out? (M/22 - College Senior)
Owe a friend money that I can't pay back. Help?
(US, WA state) I forgot to file my Federal tax return, and the government owes me around $1000. Can I file now?
renting w/o income?
Is it possible to work part-time through school?
Temporarily moving overseas to do a semester of college (AU to UK), should I start an account overseas? Any currency exchange advice? (particularly AUD to GBP)
What happens to companies stock when they are forced to break up ie. standard oil?
Should I take out a private loan or do the Parent Plus loan for my last two years of college?
Is anything extremely off here?
(UK). I've just discovered that my bank has incorrectly given me a Black Account, which I don't qualify for. I've been paying a monthly subscription for over two years now. Do I have a chance to claim that money back?
(UK) How can I best save money and pay off debt while still doing stuff I like?
Good business idea / solid business plan - How to get a business loan with no relevant securities? (GER)
Pay off debt, start emergency, or both?
Trying out Wealthfront - Investing 13k of my own money. Anyone else want to share learnings? $15k managed for Free link in comment!
Boyfriend wants to declare bankruptcy. Is this a bad idea?
COLLEGE WORKED! I have a job starting at 60k and both my parents are bankrupted, high school dropouts who haven't set any examples. What would you do in my position? I wanna be financially smart!
Medicaid and fundraiser money - is there a way we can save this?
Withdraw money from 401k for a house?
Credit card payment one day late. Will it affect my score?
Should I buy households for the apartment I am going to buy in about 6 months or save the money? (SE)
When getting a home loan with a spouse, do the banks approve based on both persons credit scores?
Which mutual fund should I buy into? Have roughly 10k
Is Sam's Club worth it?
Should I buy home appliances for the apartment I am going to buy in about 6 months or save the money? (SE)
Emergency fund or dental work?
Is it bad to sign up for a card simply to reap the cash benefits of signing up and then immediately canceling afterwards?
Are my parents right about telling me to NOT use my debit card for online purchases?
Present job: 32.5k, no benefits, employee. Job offer: 45k, independent contractor. Advice?
Two target date funds for married couple?
Any banks or credit cards that offer email alerts for EVERY transaction posted to your account?
Lending club filters and grades for investment?
Company offers deferred compensation plan. Should I participate?
How to Invest Savings before Graduate School?
[Canada] Early 20s buy property or rent?
Debt Collector has gone out of business - can I get it removed from my report?
Question about staying under the 35% credit limit?
Would you consider shares of an ESOP part of your portfolio for balancing calculations?
Deviating from avalanche with windfall?
Requesting a credit line increase to increase an already good utilization rate - good idea?
Will declaring bankruptcy prevent me from getting federal financial aid for college?
Advice needed: Fund an Roth IRA vs 529 account?
Would like some perspective on my situation, lots of debt, decent-ish income, but could I be doing more?
Is bankruptcy ever a legitimate option?
Should I build an emergency fund or pay down my line of credit?
What are good books for Personal Finance?
(CAN) - maintain below poverty subsidy or pull from pension plan?
I get how credit cards work, or at least the point of them, you pay it off monthly to "prove" that you can pay stuff back. But if you can pay it back monthly then why not use debit? I don't really get it...
$100 bonus for opening a checking account with capital one? What's the catch?
My wife and I both have a pre-marriage 401(k) from previous jobs. I'd like to roll them over to a Vanguard IRA. Can I roll 2 401(k)s into 1 Vanguard IRA? Should I?
What are your thoughts on the Capital One 360 $100 "Checking independence" offer?
Should i ask for credit increase on my credit card?
Father owes me lots of money, how to approach?
Where to hold large sums of money for 1-2 years?
How do I find out what my COBRA cost would be if I leave my job?
If I buy a 5-yr 8% coupon bond with 10% YTM, am I guaranteed to earn 10% (annualized)?
What is the actual benefit of Social Security?
I made £141k this month. What should be my next move? (UK)
Pay off debt or open and IRA?
Good or bad idea for us to buy a condo versus renting?
Question About Splitting Utilities With Roommate?
Buying a condo - what should I look for?
Is a balance transfer to a 0% APR card a good idea?
Wife changing jobs, what to do with 401k?
I just graduated with 30k in debt. I have enough to pay it all off right now, should I?
Early 20s, just started contributing to 401(k)...yay?
Pay off ARM mortgage or stay invested in stocks?
How To Distinguish Between Bridging Loan And A General Loan? - News
Payoff School Loan or Contribute More 401k?
I want to move out. Rent or buy or stay with a totally awesome set up?
Education on 403 (b) ? :)
To trade in the car, or pay off the loan?
Lived/worked in NYC for a few years, moving to Jersey now but still working in NYC. What forms do I fill out?
Health Insurance between jobs?
Can I invest my Roth in anything, not just funds and stocks?
Edfinancial told me my loans didn't qualify for public service loan forgiveness program, are they wrong?
Are there any reputable alternatives to Life Lock?
What should a 20 year old student do with a £100,000 inheritance? (UK)
How do I get the best deal on a nice house?
Why is it that I have zero rights to any details about an account in my spouse's name, yet the lender can come after me for any unpaid balance should my spouse default on the payments?
When figuring out if you can retire, how do you take taxes into account?
What can I do with my small savings while being a student, who is poor? (UK)
New to Personal Finance, how do I get started? (CAN)
How much cash should I have?
Getting paid in foreign currency, where to get most accurate currency conversion info?
How did you get started on the path of debt-free living?
How do I claim my allowances correctly?
M/24: Opt-out of works Health and Retirement benefits for short term gain before leaving the US?
How much should I have left over after bills/mortgage?
Can I deduct business miles if I get a taxable monthly vehicle stipend?
How much do you pay your tax preparer?
First Job Investment - 401k or IRA if Company only matches after 1 year of employment?
Starting to think I'm an idiot. Why would I choose a Roth IRA over a traditional IRA?
Got a bit of debt. Is a consolidation loan a good option here?
Should I change Roth IRA providers?
How to handle withholding if I am moving to NJ but still working in NYC?
Is 401(k) contributions useful for a foreigner?
Keep my emergency fund or pay off debt?
What should I do with surplus scholarship earnings?
How to pass down the family farm with minimal taxation?
Leaving my job for school, what should I do about my 401K, insurance, etc?
Submitted Two Prequalification Requests for Mortgages Before I knew What I Was Woing... Did I screw up?
Should I take myself off of my mother's CC?
I'm 19, currently in college, and would like to start renting an apartment by next summer. Is this possible or too lofty of a goal?
Landlord charged us $80 for "Insufficient funds", but the checks are marked "Unable to locate account"??
Saving up for a car. Have no credit. Have a stable career. Need to open a credit card and build credit. What do I do?
18, ~$12k/month income...What do I do with it?
Best IRA/Savings plan to pay least amount of taxes over 10 year period?
Starting a marriage in debt? (UK)
Recent Grad Looking for Advice to Cut Corners?
I can't get a home loan because I'm a traveling nurse?!
How does a mortgage on a multi-family home work compared to a single family home? Would I be able to qualify for more money since I would be renting other units out?
How do I prepare for a mortgage?
Does anyone have financial advice?
Budgeting with a variable income?
Can I afford this bike? Will it help with credit in the long run?
Should I open a Roth IRA before I graduate college?
No idea if this is the right place but I have really basic questions regarding credit cards?
Pay for car or student loans?
Life Insurance early 20's work plan?
Xpost from /r/jobs(they didn't seem to have much feedback) , what do employers look for when doing a credit check. Am I in trouble?
Vanguard Admiral Shares minimum investment?
What are some of the best banks to take out a student loan from in NY, or where can I find some?
Why does the Boglehead three-fund portfolio not contain international bonds?
How do you factor in retirement savings into housing debt to income ratio?
401k?
Getting free internet from Comcast, any downsides?
How much should you have left in liquid assets after buying a house?
Would it be a bad idea to cancel my Bank of America credit card since I am closing my checking/savings accounts with them?
I have no experience with handling money and have no idea where to start. My parents are paying all my expenses for now, but I want to learn how to be independent. Advice?
Tips on buying a used car?
How do I prepare to move from the US to the UK tax wise?
First time budgeter. I feel my budget is cutting it close. Advice?
How should I handle my finances as a PhD student?
Save and wait or get a car loan now?
How is a chip-and-signature card more secure than a traditional swipe card?
What exactly happened to this Mutual Fund?
Credit Alert?
Should I reallocate my TSLA stock?
French noob, What PF advice applies to me ?
Is it time to start considering bitcoin as an alternative investment (5%) option in one's portfolio?
Im in high school still, any tips on finance?
Wife and I don't have a will. Mid-thirties, homeowners, two small children. We are going on a trip in three weeks without our kids. Can anything legally binding be set up in that time in case we die in a fiery crash?
Cousin sending me money from overseas, we want to use Paypal. Any problem with that?
Should I close one CC account to take advantage of the points of another?
How Frugally must we live?
80K in student loans. No other debt. Pay off in 10 or 25 years?
Best retirement calculator?
Where does the match on a Roth 401K go?
I am a 22 year old student in the UK...can anyone advise me or offer any tips in regards to my money/saving/credit etc?
Commissions being taxed at over 30%?
Happiness while poor?
Inherited, and what now?
Do I have to update my income information when credit card companies ask for it?
Overpay mortgage monthly, or save up and wipe it all out at once at a later date?
Can you withdraw contributions from Roth TSP at any time tax-free and penalty-free as you can with with Roth IRA contributions?
25 10k in savings getting ready to go back to school full time and not work. Should I invest in anything?
r/personalfinance: what are some of your best money-saving tips when travelling / on vacation?
22 years old, 22k in savings. Making 51k/year. No degree, no attachments, no debt. What the hell do I do?
(UK) How do my credit card payments work?
buy house with 1.5 bath? or save ~$20k and buy only 1 bath? (Buffalo, NY, USA)
Paying both student and parent loans at the same time; living paycheck to paycheck. Is there a way to consolidate?
Cancel 2nd Bank Account (and Credit Card)?
Saving for a house in a HY savings account, should I be investing elsewhere as well?
How much home can we afford as new home buyers?
My parents are thinking about buying a condo in San Francisco... Help? (24)
Should I Transfer from Wells Fargo Advisors Brokerage to Vanguard Brokerage? [x-posted from /r/investing]
I still haven't gotten my Tax Refund. I moved in an emergency and it hasnt shown up in my forwarded mail. How do I figure out where it is?
"Stable" vs "flex" mortgage loan? (DK)
Manufactured debit card transactions?
How good of a deal is the US Airways MasterCard in terms of rewards?
Are there any retirement accounts I'm missing? (Age 25)
What is a good first credit card?
Account Age &amp; Credit Score: Worth Milking a Loan Payment?
Dump money into loans, or continue save?
In-law has not paid mortgage in 5 years, house up for auction at end of July, does she have any realistic options to avoid losing it and get on a good financial path?
Should I pay off my CC and live off it?
I haven't filed my taxes this year yet...how screwed am I?
Creditkarma is telling me I have six accounts open but only showing my five student loans. Any idea how I can find out what the sixth is?
Dump money into loans, or continue to save?
5 day work week to 4 day work week but possible pay cut? A good idea? 22 year old
Dad stole money, baby here, what to do?
Putting 100% of monthly paycheck into 401k?
When to up CC limits? Also how many cards?
Made a "large purchase" last month, am applying for a mortgage this month...am I in trouble?
how do i turn $100 to more money, over the internet?
22 years old. 5 day work week to 4 day for possible pay cut. Advisable?
HSA alternatives?
Zero credit and I need help Increasing my credit score, any tips?
I'm set to max out my 401(k) and IRA this year, and have more money that I want to invest in savings... where should I put it?
Cousin wants me to add me to her mortgage to "help out". What am I actually going to be helping her with?
I'm a stupid college student that opened a horrible JC Penny credit card that I didn't want or need. What should I do?
How do you find a good CPA?
PayPal money management/online bank choice?
Is taking out student loans alright if going into a lucrative field?
I-Series and EE-Series bonds with different ages, values, and interest rates; which should I keep, and which should I cash?
Finances + job date + apartment lease end date do not line up... What should I do?!
If I can use USAA, should I?
Can I afford a Tesla?
Moving from Secured to Unsec. first credit card. Apply for Gold?
After-tax roth deferral vs. before tax 401k?
Should I try Gap Inc's tuition reimbursement program?
I'm an American expat living abroad. How can I build my US credit score?
Private or bank mortgage?
Should I save or aggressively pay off credit card?
Opening US bank account while living abroad?
Should I take out student loans to get my BSc faster?
[Question] If I have bad credit (598), and my fiance has good/average credit (720), how/can we go about obtaining a mortgage? Will my bad credit affect us even getting one?
Capital gains?
advice needed: should I still file bankruptcy?
Need to find a new bank as a result of my upcoming move to NYC. What are my best options?
What do I need to keep?
What are the recommendations for life insurance (CA) ?
Starting to travel for work, card options?
Should I take a 401k loan for a down payment on a home?
Money markets, do they pay interest monthly or yearly?
Is Auto re-finance right? details in post
Are credit scores ever reported wrong? I find it hard to believe my score is 690 when I have done nothing to improve my credit.
About to go to one income family...pay off credit card debt asap or heavily add to emergency fund?
How well does Ally Checking handle Fraud?
What's the difference between pre-contract and pre-purchase housing counseling?
What is the correct and most efficient way to remove an incorrect derogatory mark from my credit report?
Should I accept a credit card for the sake of low APR?
I couldn't open a chequings account today because of my credit. A phone bill I forgot to pay in 2011 has apparently reaked havoc on my credit report with a total of 38 dings against my credit. What can I do? (CA)
Financing a relatively cheap car?
If I want to freelance, do I need to register as a DBA?
Employee Stock Purchase Programs?
Should I take out a personal loan to consolidate my debt?
Does being on a family member's bank account impact my financial outlook positively or negatively?
Retirement spreadsheet thoughts?
Should I pursue a life dream, or continue to save 2k each month?
Self Employed Taxes?
Be car payment free, or cut in half?
Am I ready to buy a home?
I need some help with my finances. Would you mind taking a look?
Deductible questions?
IRA Questions - What Are We Supposed To Do When Our AGI/MAGI Disqualifies Us From Any Tax Benefit?
Mom's friend wants her to sign a I-864, Affidavit of Support. Should she?
How quick should I invest?
Am I being foolish?
How often do you travel/ How much "fun" money do you put aside?
How much do I put in 401(k), IRA and 125 Plans if I already have $55k in a IRA????
Pay off loans or invest/acquire assets??
Where would I get help with financial planning?
Parents just kicked out my brother. He's got $0 to his name and a host of terrible money habits. What should he do to get his life back on track?
Have you ever used a fiduciary financial planner, how did it turn out?
Should I keep on saving?
How to save 20% for a down payment on a house?
Should you pay off your credit card statement at the end of every month?
Best way to access cash on vacation?
Where to keep a growing emergency fund?
401k Administrators - Can they go under leaving you with nothing?
FICO band research? x-post /r/credit
200k income, 26, married no kids, what do I do to be set up for retirement?
Should I apply for another credit card?
Should I be saving *less* for kids' college?
Which CC Should I Pay Off Next?
How can I gain credit by paying rent?
Can I contribute to two different active 401k's with money from the same job?
If you are self-employed, is it better to insure as an individual or as a small business? Is there an advantage to using either an HSA or HRA?
Paydown HELOC with Credit Card Balance Transfer?
Leveraging IRA/401K tax benefits to finance full-time master's degree?
Can I start a corporation and use it to invest in stocks, etc...? Any benefits then using personal
Sales people are pressuring me (a dentist) to buy disability insurance...do I really need disability insurance as a young, healthy new graduate?
Is it appropriate to temporarily stop funding 401k to build savings to escape my predicament?
Vanguard VTSAX vs VFIAX; how to decide which to invest in?
Is it possible for my wife to declare bankruptcy but leave me out of it?
Transfer balance to a CC with 0% APR?
My SO and I have no credit history, and want to get an apartment soon-- what do we need to do?
Can I become a millionaire in 22 years?
I just got my first proper job, how to manage money?
1 year into my residency, have some financial questions?
Is there an overseas equivalent to Vanguard? Low fees, index funds?
What happens to the amortization schedule if you pay extra into the principal?
Mortgage Request Too Small?
I am looking to buy a house but I owe the government money. Will I be able to purchase a house or should I try and consolidate my debt first?
"Financial Advisor" Started a Simple IRA for me in all front loaded American Funds - keep or migrate to Vanguard?
Inheritance Money - what to do for best quality of life? North America
Does anyone know of a good financial personality assessment tool?
Does a collection agency have the ability to modify the information that the original lender put on your credit report?
A better way to bank online?
Im and American moving to Asia.. Should I keep my money in USD or another currency?
Should I trust financial advisors from the bank?
Buying house in Nevada, to dodge income in California?
(US) How do you actually get a truly free credit score?
Not sure where to post this, but how much can you "haggle" rent for an apartment?
Is what I'm doing with my spare money the BEST thing I could be doing with it?
Real Estate Condo Purchase in Chicago with 3 year Holding Period?
Who to believe, mortgage broker or big bank?
It's time to get my s*** together - I've got £7k, where do I start? (UK)
How to access 401k level tax deferment without a 401k?
Father passed away. What should I do with the money? (CA) 22 M
What's the magical loan number? (US)
How best to setup a tiered emergency fund with other taxable long-run investments?
How much should I have saved up by now? (Age 24)
How has a Financial Advisor changed your life? (US)
How many accounts do you have?
I am 20, attending college, and I have 5k saved up that I am thinking of investing in stock. Any other investment ideas?
First Job out of College, What do I do?
How am I doing for myself?
$40k per year ... can I afford a $19k car?
Is there any experienced home-buyers that can share tips/explanation for buying a home for the 1st time?
Do REITs add diversification?
I think my trial &amp; error retirement account learning has led to a false assumption of diversification &amp; excess fees. Yes?
Can my wife rollover her SIMPLE IRA balance into her personally held Vanguard Traditional IRA while she is still making contributions to the SIMPLE IRA through work?
What to invest in after mortgage is paid off and retirement account is started?
Vanguard Roth IRA - target retirement fund?
What should I know about buying a house?
Paying cash vs Financing: What's your tipping point?
Dispute Hertz damage charge w/Chase, or file claim?
Is Amex Extended Warranty Worth it?!
Transfer Advisor managed 529 fund ?
Newbie here: are these investor fees justifiable or am I getting screwed?
What to do with my money during college?
Want to invest for short-term goals, what kind of account do I open?
Banks treating me with suspicion; am I on a list? Can I get some reparation for this treatment or are my personal rights forfeit?
Does anyone know of a lender willing to FHA a multifamily residential property with over 25% (but under 50%) commercial space?
Can balloon payments to a Student Loan hurt my credit score if I'm trying to buy a house?
My girlfriend took out a mortgage so her mother could purchase a home. How will this affect our ability to purchase a home in the future?
How do I professionally and politely begin/conduct a conversation with a financial advisor that I am dropping? Also, how do I physically transfer my account to a Vanguard?
My job sent me paperwork to enroll in their 401(k), should I do it if I have debt?
How would you save for an expensive toy?
How behind am I for retirement saving?
Friend was just "added as an owner" of mortgage debt for her family home. Is this equivalent to cosigning?
32 M. Debt is gone. Expenses are low. How can I make my income go up?
My Girlfriend's family (English) owns a Scottish estate in the highlands, hypothetically through a land reform act could the Scottish government force the family out of the property?
(CA) Is it possible to get SMS text messages in real time regarding MasterCard &amp; debit card transaction?
Can I pay off medical expenses out of pocket and then pay myself back with my HSA account?
Mortgage or wait and purchase a house outright?
To balance transfer or not to balance transfer?
Difference between savings and emergency fund?
My credit score is no longer reporting despite having had 2 student loans and a credit card in 2012?
Not onhome title or loan. Am I finacially liable to repay the loan in a divorce or bankruptcy situation?
(US) Need some quick general advice. Is co-signing auto loan to help out my sister in need a good thing?
How best to move USD to GBP?
Should I remain invested in Target Retirement Funds for my taxable account?
Can we really afford this? My boyfriend thinks so, I'm skeptical..
Can you contribute to a Roth IRA with income earned overseas?
Trying to get a raise. Any tips?
Has anyone tried to negotiate a payout amount on a citi loan?
Asking for a raise next week. How much should I ask for and how should I ask?
How does the W4 form work?
Are there easy to understand, super basic, middle-school level websites for learning about money?
Help a new college student figure out loans?
Fixed budget college student investing?
how do I secure an auto loan?
Is dental insurance worth it in the long run?
10/1 ARM vs 30 year fixed?
As someone under 24, is it smart to store my emergency funds in ibonds? Also, a few other questions.
Salary Negotiation: Should I bring up 401(k) match? Other retirement options?
My brother is dying. How can I help his kids financially?
How much should I spend?
[Advice] I got a job at wells Fargo, they offer insurance. Yay. Now what?
Student with over C$2000. Travel, save or invest?
What should I keep in mind when trying to decide if I invest money or make extra mortgage payments?
Thoughts on stashing some emergency funds in TIPS?
My CC payment transaction date is the same as my payment due date (paid on time) yet the transfer was held for 3 days and now I owe late fees? (CA)
The company I work for is going public, can/should I buy a few shares?
My mom inadvertently ruined my credit score... How do I begin to fix it?
Recession looming? http://pythoncoderrr.wordpress.com/2014/07/04/recession-looming/
20/m - Moving Out Soon, plan this out a year-ish in advanced?
My friend inherited 250k. Currently his funds are invested by a random guy at the bank that they directed him to. Who is this guy and does he have my friend's best interest in mind?
Should I pay off my student loans before maxing my 401k?
Balancing debt repayment with growing emergency fund: How should I gauge a safe level of savings?
How do you save for different categories?
Cashout refi to purchase income property?
Maxing out the 401(k) a good move here?
New grad, new budget. Anything I could be doing better?
I need to do a one year Masters Program where I can't work while completing it. How do I finance?
Why does decreasing the loan duration also decrease the interest rate?
How bad is a Bounced Check? What happens?
Advice on my Aunt's mortgage payments?
Does requesting a credit line increase negatively affect your credit score?
Doctor bill mistakenly sent to a collection agency, now it's on my credit report. How can I solve this?
Refinancing with SoFi: variable or fixed rate?
How is interest calculated?
Being adopted as an adult - financial implications?
should i take the interest free loan?
Should I apply for a vehicle loan that my father will be using?
Advice for first time home buyer- Is it better to pay off the car loan and have less for a house down payment, or keep the loan and have more for a house down payment? Details inside.
How should I go about this?
How Far up Shit Creek am I? (A Student's Lament)
Home equity loan to buy car...I know this sounds bad, but is it?
Car lease payments are getting to be a hassle. Should I back out?
What should I do with $20,000? (AUS)
At the age of 16, what should I be doing?
$25k car loan at 0.9% for 60 months. Can I just put $0 down?
Diving Deeper: Is it better to pay off student loans or invest your money?
What is the most drastic action that you've seriously contemplated as a result of your financial woes?
Age 22, still don't have a credit card. How to get one?
32 year old looking to retire. Can my plan work?
Is living on rent a better choice than buying a house even if you can afford one?
Selecting a fund manager, what do I need consider to make sure he a the right guy for managing my investments?
Should I pay off the loan with higher interest that's not in my name, or the loans in my name first?
I'm going back to school after working for 5 years; what should I do with my retirement account?
How should I use my credit cards to increase my credit score?
I've got 25K in the bank that I'm not going to use for the next 2 years, what should I do with it?
Should I get a top up loan and pay off the repayments, or use the cash I've got? (Ireland)
New to buying stocks - where to buy them from ? (CA)
How do you get rid of addiction to spending and bring out of control expenses under check?
Pay off cc debt with savings or pay more monthly?
Am I doing this right???
just filed bankruptcy, what now?
18 years old with 3K in cash/savings, how do I begin to increase/invest my money for the future?
Should brother cancel this CC?
Re-locating for work. What do I do with my current home?
Creating a budget plan for first year at university! Any tips? (CA)
Should I move or should I commute? (tl;dr included, Long winded post) Please help
What do you guys think about this idea?
Was not paid for a short-term job. What do I do?
Financial advising worth it?
Looking to start a business, is this the right place?
Looking to get a credit card. What do I need to look out for?
Getting a new car?
26, small savings, living more or less paycheck to paycheck, what should I be doing?
(CA) Student Loan + Repayment Assistance?
How do I calculate interest on a personal loan with irregular withdrawals and payments?
Is this amount of student loans worth it for a student studying computer science?
If I got a credit card, and went from 0 lines of credit to 1 line of credit, how many weeks would it take for the fact of obtaining new credit effect my credit score?
Considering moving. Keep old property as rental or sell?
Does having a pool installed affect home value negatively?
Should I pay off my credit card debt after it's been charged off?
How to raise credit score-teenager?
Anyone familiar with financial advisor as a profession? Is it kinda scummy?
Are there any benefits to having multiple bank accounts?
I recently found out about two small Roth IRA accounts that were set up when I was a minor. I want to invest it in my current business—can I do this?
Student loan consolidation, moving to a higher but fixed APR?
What should you do with 1 million in cash since banks can only insure up to $200,000?
Reasonably poor college student looking to buy a car for the first time: Advice?
20 years old and have over a quarter million to invest in taxable accounts, is there any reason I SHOULDN'T put 100% of it in Vanguard total stock index?
Small school debt stopping me from returning to college, is there any easier way?
My sisters and brother plan to just deposit their share of the rent into my checking account which would total 2k a month. Does this affect me in anyway?
Rule of thumb for home and car value?
GFs boss is taking over 10k from her paychecks over the past year. What can I do to fix this because she doesn't want any back lash?
Forum for the over 40 crowd?
How am I doing? (AU)
Extra Money from Student Loan - Pay it off or invest?
Does anyone else do a worst case scenario, what I'd make at minimum wage analysis?
Donate to charity or save for your children?
Roth IRA?
Good idea to do Ally savings and CapitalOne360 Checkings?
If federal student loans are incurred AFTER marriage, do they discharge upon death?
Bad credit, need personal loan, banks and credit union denied, any other options?
Using credit card up to 95% of limit to pay bill, then paying it off immediately. Will this hurt my credit score?
Best bank for a College Student?
22 years old and looking to hit the road for a year or two. Should I be working on building my career and financial assets or living for myself?
Second mortgage, sell or rent current house?
Is there anyway to view my credit report again?
Why pay full retail for diamond rings and jewelry?
Home improvement loan options for new home?
Any reason not to lower minimum monthly student loan payment?
Can I get a credit score if I have never applied for credit?
Just became a permanent resident (on the path to citizenship) in Canada. How does this affect my finances?
Should I apply for another secured card?
When your company does not have a retirement plan benefit - where to invest? (CA)
I Have A Thin File, Now What?
Is it possible to pull myself out of debt with current finances?
What website do you use for investing?
How do I actually research car/motorcycle insurance prices?
I've never had any issues with my mainstream, big-box bank, should I still switch to a Credit Union?
Anybody here been setup with a GIFT plan by their parents before college?
Are there any services that round all cc purchases up to the nearest $1/5/10 ans xfer to savings?
Pension vs. 401k?
Daughter (10 years) has a substantial insurance claim tucked away in trusts until she is 18 and beyond. When to tell her?
Is medical school worth it for $300,000 debt and 4 years?
My friend's parents don't pay taxes, is there any way to still apply for financial aid/scholarship? How does filing as an independent work?
How much should a college grad pay in rent?
Will medical bill sent to collections affect credit score if I had no credit to begin with? (Nonimmigrant in US)
I want to open a new and better checking account but I'm not sure which is best for my situation; care to help?
Ways to raise money/awareness for medical school donations campaign?
Roll part of 401k in to IRA to withdraw for house down payment?
Should I get accepted for chase freedom?
Retirement Savings when you make too much for Roth IRA?
Is it smart to start establishing credit while in college?
Fix '95 Car Or Get a Loan In a Pivotal Point In My Life?
In US, what do you think of my idea?
Do you guys have any tips on how to effectively save money?
What do you do with receipts?
Baby on the way.... What should be my top priority?
When to move out?
Advice Coming into College?
Household / Couple Financial Dashboards?
Debt, School Feasibility? Can I afford a private student loan?
New IRA: How to allocate assets while navigating IRA contribution limits and fund minimum?
I have a plan! Can personal finance tell me if it is the right move?
Recently Divorced Aunt coming out with 250,000. Where should she invest??
Refinancing a car worth it?
Can you hold cash in retirement accounts?
Considering ally bank but getting mixed reviews. Best savings account for emergency fund?
Credit score vs. credit report? Which is important?
I have 25K in my TSP in the L2040 fund. Should I leave it or split into different funds or move it all to L2050?
Need some Advice, best way to cut ties to my Financial Adviser; and advice on the fees?
A good friend is trying to save her family home after losing her grandmother and aunt. What are her options?
Applying for a new credit card while credit utilization is very high?
Do my wife and I both need an IRA?
Serious question....how do some people spend so much?
My entire financial situations, and my plan. Recommendations?
Hold or Sell - what's the deal with taxes on company stocks (ESPP)?
What does PF think of Australia's system of superannuation?
Where does the baby fund go?
Is 200k+ of debt worth it for a law degree and an LLM in taxation?
Is the high cost of Dental school worth it?
Men (and women) who pay child support, how do you survive?
Any reason to -not- pay down loan debt ASAP?
[x-post from /r/credit] Trying to get first credit card since I now have my first full-time job: denied for one, tips on getting approved?
Would you recommend a student credit card?
Private student loan-line of credit?
What should I do with all my former tuition money? (UT)
My employer credit union offers a 4% APR checking account. Is it worth it to still get a credit card?
Im 20 years old and want to buy a 12k smart car as my first car. Is this a good idea?
Is equity part of the new car lease equation?
Best way to reduce A LOT of credit card debt? Absorb into Mortgage or go Personal Loan?
What now?
26 years old, thinking about investing in renting homes?
Help deciding on reliable, cheap car?
Senior in High School, what do I do from here?
Wait a second..the act of closing a credit card won't hurt my score?
Is paying 90,000£ a bad idea to become a Clinical Psychologist? (UK)
What is your opinion on Amerprise Financial?
Lending Club Loans, are they the real deal?
I am going to inherit a large sum of money, should/could I buy a car?
20-year-old college student w/o a job here. Any ways I can build my credit?
Just found out my "dad" ruined my credit score when I was younger. What do I do?
I can't keep up with student loans. Is it just me, or are they too much?
What goals should I be setting for myself / how long should I expect to be able to reach them?
Joint or separate accounts?
Will I have long-term financial problems?
Should I refinance my car loans?
So I got my first job. How should my budget be set up?
Soon to be college kid, are the student loans worth it?
Should a make a move on purchasing a home when housing prices keep rising (bubble scare) or rent and wait?
Should I withdraw money from my mutual fund?
How do I get my credit score up as a recent college grad?
What's a good rule of thumb for saving money?
Which should be a bigger priority: 1) eliminating debt, 2) raising credit score, 3) building emergency fund?
IRA coming to term; Would PF recommend a variable rate over a fixed?
How does my investment portfolio look? Suggestions?
Fiancee and I have different financial goals. How do the high earners here get on the same page with your SO?
How do these Buy Land in Texas Scams work?
How do I budget with my income situation? Money gives me terrible anxiety, and something's got to give.
Any tips for obtaining a personal loan in order to fix my car so that i can sell it?
Someone is using my son's SSN, and filing tax returns. How can this be resolved?
Significantly pay down mortgage, or put the money away for later?
Better for credit score to pay off multiple small credit cards or one large one?
Graduating with fiancé next spring, should we rent or buy?
How do I know if I owe tax in any states? Is the transcript service on IRS.gov a safe way to check?
Enrolling in ESPP. I can use some advice and help?
Need a new wardrobe for my new job but I'm tight on money. Put it on credit?
HELOC to buy Investment Property?
Contributing to a unmatched Roth 401k and student loan debt?
Is this something that is out of my control or can I fix this?
Almost out of the woods- what's the best car strategy for me?
How fast should I build my emergency fund?
I plan to open a online trading account today (i.e. E-trade, etc.) Are there promotional deals for new accounts I should be aware of from these types of sites?
Selling a laptop online, person wants to pay me through Email Money Transfer, what ways can I get scammed through this?
Been married for a year now, are we okay financially?
Illegitimate tax bill?? With PENALTIES?
My wife's parents have asked to borrow a large sum of money, what pertinent information should I know before we do?
My dad is turning 65, what does he need to do?
How do you suggest setting up my portfolio and why?
My parents want me open a credit card as soon as I turn 18, but I'm thinking against it. Advice?
Should I get a private student loan for grad school?
Pay student loans off in one time payment or invest?
Should I pay off my student loans as soon as possible?
Offered Discover secured card after I was denied a Discover Student IT card. Where to go from here?
Do I have any recourse against a Creditor who got judgment against me for bill that was already paid?
Is there any benefit or negative to keeping my CC in the positive?
Edward Jones vs Vangaurd vs ? for UGMA account
What kind of info can you give me about the stock market?
Debt debt debt! How do I get out? My financial details inside..
Refinancing student loans?
For those of you who did not buy a home, how old are you and what is your living situation?
Parents are not planning for the future, what can/should I do to convince them?
I can't wait to get paid so that I can put more money into my savings. Anyone else feel this way?
What are the proper percentage numbers to calculate for retirement?
Institutional Class Fund or Index Fund?
What do you need most in personal finance app?
Small amount isolated in traditional IRA. Are there better things to do with it?
What is the deal with these bi-weekly mortgage payment processors?
19 Years old and a 401k?
PFers who backdoor Roth IRA: do you still potentially max on Jan 1?
What fees to exactly to consider when rolling over into 401k?
Contribute to RRSP's or Have More Tax Deducted From Pay? (Canada)
why pi-xiu or feng shui is not quite popular in the US?
Debit Card # stolen. $3k fraudulent charges. What am I liable for?
Pension + 401(k)...should I Roth IRA, regular, or just invest in the market?
Should I periodically move my ESPP shares to a mutual fund?
How much to diversify 401k?
What is the best way to check your credit?
big purchases- apartment, honeymoon, wedding- should I get new credit card to reap benefits/rewards?
How did y'all go through finding a lender for a mortgage loan and what good tips do you have?
Protecting yourself against economic crises?
Shopping for Mortgage?
What are some examples of purchases or projects that have high upfront costs but end up saving you money in the long run?
My sister just passed away. How do I handle and close all her accounts?
Should I bring a credit report to car dealerships?
Student loan consolidation/transfer - Fixed or Variable?
No stock portfolio / investments, where do I begin?
Do credit card companies ever reduce the APR if you ask?
Mint gurus: Is there any way to control how the side bar (cash, credit cards, loans etc) is displayed? Want a retirement section.
Am I House Poor?
Credit card advice? (CA)
I have a staff of about 12 college students, what would be the best way to go about giving them a foundation in personal finance?
Who Still Uses the Citi Forward Card?
ELI5--stupidly signed up for terrible CreditOne credit card. How long should I hang on to it?
How can I reduce my monthly student loan monthly payments?
Which is the best ETF for long term investing (&gt;10 years) with Brazilian companies?
Max 401k or invest in non-retirement?? (25M)
Engagement ring plan?
How does one determine which funds to invest their 401k contributions into?
Maximizing savings with joint finances... what kind of account to get?
Whole life policy - good for young people?
Refinance or not to refinance?
Was just told by Bank of America that closing my only credit card with them would ding my credit rating, is this true?
Should I take out a large amount of student loan debt to attend a better university?
Just got my credit score: looking good! But I have a credit card I never use and has been open for less than a year. Cancel it? (Canada)
Unique situation - small company has tasked me to choose and setup our company's 401k. Any experience or advice?
How much should I pay to maximize student loan interest deduction?
Maxed 401k and IRA. What's next?
Saving up for a house, where are the best places to put my money?
Better to close account or fight for restoration?
Advice on where to allocate 401k contributions?
I'm in a pickle. My wife and I thought we had collision insurance, but we don't. Her Accident today will cost about $2-3,000. Should we fix her car or sell both cars and get a new one? We need to decide asap, please help!
Should I contribute to my 401K or my IRA?
Fidelity after tax contribution to 401k: Oops?
SO is looking to join Credit Union with better savings interest. Suggestions?
I'm trying to buy a car but everyone thinks I am looking at cars that are too expensive. Given my finances what do you guys think?
Current asset allocation review and suggestions?
Has anybody heard of the Barclays Dream Account, and if so, is it worth it?
24M, 3+ years exp working in AV (Audio Visual) for a top tier law firm on 40k inclusive (AUD) Help with raise?
Credit card apr's?
Continue Financing OR Lease?
Will closing a card right after opening hurt my credit?
What is the best Credit Card for a student currently attending University?
Help! How will the home mortgage interest deduction affect my monthly payment?
401k from company, can I roll it into my Roth IRA without any penalties?
New apartment or same?
What should i do? Unemployed with 140K in a checking account.
Where do you draw the line between expense ratios and potentially better returns?
I hear of parents stealing their kids' identities and ruining their credit from time to time. Could I do the opposite for my kids?
Does a charge reversal on a "No Foreign Transaction Fee" card use the rate of the day or the rate used when charged?
How to tell how many times you've claimed a tax credit?
Employer has decided to offer HSA, but on the condition that our current high deductible plan's deductible will double. No employer contribution. What to do? stick with lower deductible and no HSA? We usually hit our deductible every year and then some.
Pay cash a House or finance it? (200K USD)
I have $70k in home equity and $45,900 in personal debt. The personal debt averages about 6% interest and my mortgage is around 3.5%. Would it be smart to take out $45,900 in a home equity loan to pay off higher debt, and then make double up payments on mortgage?
What is the best way to avoid impulse buying? (AU)
My debt is overwhelming and I make minimum wage, what is the most realistic amount of money I should be saving toward an emergency fund?
How does my spending look?
Using rewards credit card while paying off credit card debt?
Debt collection caused by an administrative mistake. How do I keep it off my credit report?
Will I be approved for a student Discover card? Other options?
Should I be contributing to my company's 401(k) if they are not matching?
US Bank not reimbursing ATM fees, am I look at this wrong?
Debt consolidation concerns with Credit Union! What should I do?
Is there any reason not use two credit cards with no interest if paid within a set time auto pay each other?
Credit Question: Federal Student Loan marked as negative despite being paid on time for at least the past 1.5 years?
Where should I invest college funds?
Should I adjust my (auto/home/umbrella) insurance policies?
I know the general consensus is pay down loans first, but isn't there an argument to be made for increasing a home down payment instead and avoiding PMI?
Taking out a loan for credit card debt - good idea or bad idea?
I suck at money. A little help please?
Is it worth selling my car to get out of a lease?
Starting new job tomorrow, how to negotiate pay?
Mom cashed in Savings Bond, What are my options?
Retiring in my late 30's, what to do with savings in long bull market?
IRA or Student Loan?
Am I being scammed? what should I do?
Does the speed at which someone pays their rent affect their credit history?
Debt-Free College Student -- How to invest?
Is filing for bankruptcy that right thing to do given my particular circumstances ?
College student starting out, will be dorming at a 4-year uni. What is some good financial advice and goals for a college freshman?
(UK) Is debt passed to next of kin?
Do I need another credit card for the sole purpose of increased total credit?
200K in Private Student Loans for a Music Degree, do I go back to school for IT to defer $1,800/mo payments + get job that will pay off loans?
Previous home owners have serious amount of Student Loan debt - am receiving their collections notices - what to do?
19M college student with 50k in savings, what next?
How to best deal with a 401k loan when leaving my company?
I've almost saved up 6 months' living expenses. Next I will max the employee match on my 401k. Then I'll (maybe) set up a Roth IRA. But at what point is it appropriate to begin investing in individual stocks?
Recommended Reading for Home Buying?
I moved from the US to Ireland and no longer use my American Credit cards nor plan to ever. Should I close the accounts?
401k Loan Repayment Options - help?
[This is what happened when I drove my Mercedes to pick up food stamps](http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/08/this-is-what-happened-when-i-drove-my-mercedes-to-pick-up-food-stamps/?tid=trending_strip_1)
19 Uni Student. I'm still learning about investing. Should I read more+ browse PF + wait till I take Finance classes this Fall, or open my IRA now? Is investing something I should learn as I go, or learn first and put into practice afterwords?
Possible Identity Theft Advice?
Sell home, or stay when house is climbing in value?
Are high-yield savings accounts "worth it" for lower balances?
Fiance's parents holding back financial information regarding stock ownership. Is there anyway to circumvent them?
Have an extra $17,000 every year. Pay off mortgage, rental property, or max out my 403(b)?
New job, no debt: buy or rent?
Do credit repair services like creditrepair.com work? Are they worth it?
Primerica - thoughts/feedback on if my cousin is selling a crappy product?
Extra $1000 next month. Emergency fund or pay debts?
Interest rates on CDs reached more than 10% in the 1980's. Were people at that time just throwing their money into CDs? Who wouldn't take advantage of that?
Ran my husband's credit to see what all we have to clean up before we buy a house... got quite a few surprises. How screwed are we?
Here's the terms of my mortgage. Anything I should be terrified about?
My personal finance adviser recommends getting 1,000,000.00 in life insurance?
Is it better to save or repay student loans?
How can I make my budget work and still save money?
[21, recent grad] Contributions to my 401k have finally started going through! How am I doing with my selected funds, and am I generally not fucking up?
Ethical question: investing child's savings from cash gifts. What are your thoughts?
ARE YOU IN DESPERATE NEED OF A LOAN? APPLY
Financial Checkup - Checked off Emergency, fund, 401k, ROTH, now what?
If an account goes into collections, is it reported on your credit report immediately or after a certain time?
[Advice Request] How Much Should I Take From Savings For Down Payment On Mortgage?
Should I change from 1099 to W2?
I am a 16 year old working as a lifeguard year round, making roughy $100. What should I be doing with my earnings?
I have over $100k in IRAs, Roth etc. I am invested with Ameriprise and I have never felt good about their investment strategy. I am looking to switch financial management companies. Is Personal Capital a good choice? Any recommendations where the company isn't always trying to sell you something?
Reasonable fee for a certified financial planner?
Best rollover promotions?
Where would inflation-protected bonds fall in in the stock/bond asset allocation?
What is something smart to invest in for $500 or less to see some sort of short return?
[Car Insurance] How to chose what's right for me?
Best high yield savings account?
Probable identity theft -- what should I do next?
'Unknown creditor' delinquent account showed up on my Equifax and CreditKarma (Trans Union) credit report??
Should I start contributing to 401K, Roth 401K, or neither?
Are balance transfers between US credit cards treated the same as regular payments? (US)
After being injured I have just under 20k in debt left but a stable job. Which of these is the best way to pay it down?
Is it safe to deposit a lump sum into my savings account without it being questioned?
Video-game-like finance software?
Looking to get my first mortgage, should I go it alone or with my fiance?
Should I buy a home? Which accounts are best for saving towards a down payment?
Which school loan do I pay off first?
Any payroll people in here?
I am a 22 y/o new college grad with a job salary of 65k pre-tax and owe 130k in student loans. Am I allocating my income smart enough to buy a new car and pay down my debt?
Do you think it's stupid to treat a credit card like an emergency fund?
My car is worth ~$3000. 196k miles. 2 months ago I put down $1700 for "the works". Now I have to cough up another $1500 for more repairs. Should I?
Safer to always contribute to Traditional IRA and then backdoor to Roth IRA immediately?
Cheapest way to move my USD to asia?
Should I buy the new car or pay to get out of the contract?
Keep getting rejected on rental apps. Anything I can do?
Can my wife do a backdoor Roth if we file jointly, I (sole breadwinner) make too much for a Roth or IRA deduction, and have too many IRAs (all in my name) to consider a backdoor for me?
Thinking about buying a new (used) car-What's the best way to figure out a safe monthly payment for me?
I'm invested in tax free municipal bonds for college (Edward Jones) - can/should I get out?
Should I leave my well-paid job to pursue my low-paying passion?
Why does an FHA loan seem too good to be true? What am I missing here? ELI5 please
Can anyone recommend a bank that keeps a stable APY? All the ones I see get you in at a high rate, then drop a few months later.
Apple Student Loan good for building credit?
Sole Breadwinner, seeking tax advice?
Would I be unwise in paying off the mortgage of my rental property as quickly as possible?
Increase pretax retirement contributions to decrease tax liability?
Best way to convert to foreign currency in the US?
Should I carry a balance on a 0% interest for a year card?
My dad lost his job, I have to move back in to help with house payments (after just signing a 1 year apt lease), is there any other better solution?
Father heading into retirement...investment advice?
Invested in Roth IRA, thinking about moving over to ETF (both Vanguard), good idea?
How can I estimate my income during retirement?
I'm nearly a month late with my quarterly tax payment. I will be mailing it to the IRS tomorrow. I'm sure I'll be penalized for paying a month late, but how much should I expect the penalty to be?
I work for a company in Silicon Valley. 98% of my net worth is tied up in that company's stock. This is obviously financially unsound. What do I do first? (x-post from /r/investing)
I'm trying to lay the foundations for my future and my dream of opening a restaurant. How can I get started? (x-post /r/business)
My oldest daughter will be 16 next year. Can I co-sign on a low cost car with her to help her start building credit before she's ready to move out?
Blindly applied for Wells Fargo Credit Card to build credit years ago, time for change?
Personal finance and student loan consolidation?
Graduating college soon, trying to save for post-grad life. Any suggestions?
Sharing home purchase with domestic partner. What kind of agreement do we need between us?
Pay down mortgage or invest in 529?
Small monthly surplus - where should it go?
Should I contribute to these 403(b) plans?
26 years old (M) / $15k in savings / Income ~$50k per year / Started a Roth IRA this year ($5,500) / Debt is a $17k car loan @2.9% APR - What's next?
Do I have too many bank accounts?
Coverdell Education Savings Accounts v. Mutual Fund?
Am I worrying too much about my minimum wage job? (CAN)
Taxable brokerage account - Vanguard or Charles Schwab?
Coming out of college with a 3.0 in a psyc degree but totally debt free. What jobs should I be looking for?
Is it better to exchange euros to dollars before I leave Spain or when I arrive in the USA?
Thinking about selling taxable mutual fund account to fund an IRA. Am I thinking through this right?
My car got totaled, what do I need to know about buying my first car on my own?
What should a recent grad consider when deciding to consolidate student loans?
IRA contributions determined by earned income?
Parents have a Santander HELOC at 3.99%. I want to take 60k to pay my student loans. My parents have great credit and full trust in doing this, but I'm nervous after learning the interest is variable. What should I do?
How do I know if I will owe taxes?
The $100K Club Review, How its work? Is The $100K Club Scam or Legit System?
Is there any difference between contributing 5500$ to a Roth IRA in January vs over the year?
I live in Pennsylvania and I just got a notice asking me to contact my county about census and local / school district taxes. What should I expect?
What will happen if I am caught?
Hey guys, wanting to do a little computer work on the side to make some (hopefully) easy money. What taxes will I be subjected to?
Mint.com users, what does your 12 month spending chart look like?
What should my plan of attack be for my post-graduate chapter of my life?
Future mother-in-law selling a house. Buyer wants to pay majority in cash, remainder in monthly installments. Can anyone explain why?
(PT/UK) Funds in company, should I cash out and pay income tax on them to I can invest or leave them be?
In bed with the wrong Financial Planner - What Now?
Can I pay off my debt and go back to school? (CA)
Veteran prepering to buy a home. Any advice?
Need assistance with estate planning and personal windfall..thoughts on a Financial Planner?
Active duty military - TSP or Roth IRA?
Can all types of debt be consolidated into one? Is this a stupid question?
19 y/o sciences student with incoming student debt, how can I prepare now to ease the future?
Sell Home Depot stock and throw it into Roth IRA?
Should I start to save now or pay of debt first?
Should I pull money from my 401k?
What is the best option if you need money for an emergency situation, but have no rainy day fund or savings account? Pay-day loan? Pawn shop? Something else?
Early 20s. Do I open a taxable account now? What about tax-efficiency?
How can I find my debt?
What's my best course of action to solve this?
I can really use some help regarding safe investments. Can Personal Finance offer some pointers?
Mutual funds, life insurance, disability... oh my! someone please help me with all of this?!
32yrs old 90k per year mortgage on 235k home 30% increase value, should I sell and move into an apt? or hold and try and keep this house as a rental?
I'm not being billed for electricity. I've exhausted every avenue with the electric company to bill me. What should I do?
Should I buy a house now and dip into emergency fund?
Is this plausible for a comfortable budget?
Any advice? (US)
How many cards is too many?
Living in an unsustainable financial situation, does anyone have some advice until I can find a higher paying job?
How does paying off a student loan early work?
Second job as pizza delivery?
(CA) What to do with my money and a recently bought house?
A close friend asked to borrow $150 - $200 for a summer class. How do I go about making sure that I will see my money again?
Might become #3 in a startup, what should I bargain for?
What should I do with zero balance credit cards?
Question about Roth IRA "Earned Income" ?
My Financial Plan and Best Savings Account?
Will taking an unpaid personal leave of absence affect my Student loan payments?
I'm having to backdoor Roth IRA for the first time. Can my wife still contribute to a Traditional IRA this year?
Questions about personal finance and marriage - prenup? Debt?
No state income tax: choosing the right 529 for me?
Does anyone use credit protector or anything related?
What to do about high-interest auto loan?
Why is the 401k contribution limit SO much higher than the IRA limit?
Opened a Barclay's DREAM savings account and moved $500 into it to start. Anything I should know further?
Which credit card is for me?
Fidelity savings options?
Spender vs Saver? Who is who is your relationship?
Just paid off my car, now what?
I have $6000 in credit card debt and need a few repairs done on my home and car ( $4000). My mortgage rate is 3.5%. Would a equity loan be a good choice?
pay off loans now or start investing?
I can save $1.6K a month, but I never see it because of mid-20s expenses (eg: weddings, etc.) Help?
Why open a Vanguard account if I can buy the same funds with similar distribution through my eTrade account? Any advantage to this?
I am getting married this year. Can I switch my W-4 to "married filing jointly"? Or do I actually have to wait until the wedding?
Getting married soon. Should we buy a new home or live in the apartment we already own (and rent out)?
Want to save for a car purchase in 4-6 years. Is there anything better than a CD for that?
Is my 401k worth investing more in? Where?
I'm close to paying off my CC debt, should I pull the band-aid and get it over with or are there any advantages to wait until I've saved more?
thinking of buying a bread route, is the investment worth the income?
I'm 26 and working on paying down $70k in student loans but worried about not saving for a 401K or buying a house -- what should your ratio for savings be?
This September I'll have $5000 of interest free loans - What should I do with it?
How to remove a high-balance ($75,000) credit card that was issued to me by my employer from my personal credit report?
just opened up first ROTH IRA. I am a student and make less than 5,000k a year. Can i contribute?
Private student loan with spotty payment history. Pay off the loan or make on time payments to boost the FICO?
Has anyone been using Acorns?
These are my numbers, how can i begin to create a budget?
19, 10k in savings going to school. Is it enough?
Starter credit cards for early 20's with first career job?
New Job, More Money, What Should I Do?
Lump sum vs. annual payout?
My wife and I have a 100K+ net worth, save over $1000 a month, and have no debt other than our mortgage and student loans. Is it a dumb idea to drop close to $5K on a trip to Thailand?
Bad idea to start Roth IRA before student loans paid off completely?
Chase misdirected someone else's deposit into my checking account to the tune of $105,000 (Payroll check for an MLB pitcher, of all things). I notify them, and a few days later they withdraw the money. Is there anything I should be concerned about, or is all well and good?
Sales Tax Error - Any suggestions?
Can I do anything with 4k?
Is it okay to sit on store credit cards and never use them? Does that hurt your credit score as long as you are using one of your credit cards?
401k versus IRA - where do I allocate?
Fiance didn't finish college - best options for loan repayment? Looking for advice...
I have no Taxable/Earned income, where can I invest on a short to mid-term basis since IRA's and 401k's are out?
California Minimum Wage Went Up Last Week, But Not For My Co-Workers and Me. Is This Legal?
How does saving work?
I want to pay the rest of my car loan at once. How will this affect my credit?
Will many inactive credit cards hurt my credit score later on?
What percentage of long-term should invest exclusively in target date funds?
"A Random Walk Down Wallstreet" a good starting place?
What to do with $13,000 for the short term?
Subsidized student loans, now graduated, when does interest start accruing/payment begin?
how much car should I buy?
Entering college soon, what do I need to know? (US)
eMobile Code Review - Does it system works or Scam?
eMobile Code Review - Does it system works or Scam?
How do you budget the parts of your salary that come in bonuses or lump sums?
How should I allocate my money to plan for financial independence at or before 40? (x-post /r/financialindependence)
(US) Recent college graduate about to begin first salaried job - advice?
Is equity crowd funding a legitimate way to invest?
Just got a quarterly statement from American Funds, apparently I have an investment with them. Can anyone help educate me on what this is?
Should I contribute to an after-tax IRA?
Credit score companies have put my dads loans on my credit report? how can i resolve this?
can I withdraw everything in my Roth IRA/401k at retirement?
Thoughts about my current financial situation? (CAN)
Is it a good idea to look for a financial counselor for my wife and I? I'll explain...
For the first time, I make some money. I could invest 500 - 800€ / month somewhere. Are there possibilities to invest this money in a way that I could buy an apartment/house in the future with it? (GER)
Is Public Service Loan Forgiveness really worth it for me?
(AU) Can anyone recommend a medium-term reasonably low risk investment option that beats my current 3.8% savings account?
My small business 401k sucks! How to fix it?
Any advice on finances before and during college?
Been notified of a lawsuit regarding debt -- how to proceed? (x-posted to debt and credit)
What do you do on a monthly basis to account for quarterly or semi-annual expenses?
Mortgage in a Trusts Name?
Saving $450 a month to move States. Should i put it in a mutual fund till then?
My emergency fund solution. Thoughts?
Should I accept an increase to my credit limit if I don't need it?
$100,000+ a year. Why aren't we saving anything?
PhD route or Industry/Masters route? This ties directly to my personal finance, and need your guys' input
How do you interpret a mortgage (especially on income property) in terms of MMM's "simple math to retirement"?
Time for new car?
Any thoughts on moving emergency fund into I Bonds over time?
[Article] Should You Pay Off Your Mortgage?
When applying for a student loan, is it safer to select a fixed or variable interest rate and which time period would be best to pay the loan back over (15y, 10, or 5y)?
Family of 4 making $16k/yr. - How can we be more efficient with our money?
Vanguard Admiral Shares or ETF?
I have a question about student credit cards and what can be used to pay them off?
Comparing Salaries: USA vs. Canada?
My mother is a California English teacher who hates her job, but is the primary breadwinner in a family of four with two kids in expensive colleges and she doesn't think she can risk moving and losing medical and retirement benefits. What are her options?
What should I do about my student loan payments? Please help!
Starting first career out of grad school. Tons of debt but still want to invest into retirement. Suggestions?
The VA sent a payment to collections without notification, is there any way to remove this from my credit report?
Questions about first time tax return filing for next year?
The tutoring company I work for has been avoiding paying me a paycheck from March. According to my contract, my only recourse is arbitration. How do I do this?
Capitalone (US) CC any way to appeal account limit raise denial?
What is the best way to pay off my student loan debt? Semi-unique circumstances.
Is building a bunker out of Shipping Containers a good idea?
My gf is considering going back into nannying. Complete payment under the table...is is safe/smart?
Charged off, bill never sent, credit took a hit... options?
Do I really need a credit card?
What are your financial goals?
How much would it cost me to move?
Is there a limit to how many times a pay period I can pay a credit card?
I am getting about 3k at the end of this year. Is there anything that I can do with it to gain some profit?
Building My Credit History? (College Student)
Refinance to eliminate PMI or not?
Will you help me find an investment resource previously recommended by PF in another thread?
I have big errors on my credit reports. Is there anybody (reliable) I can pay to handle the dispute process for me?
Best way of tackling $43k in credit card debt &amp; $105k in student loans?
College is going to give me a debit card for all of my financial aid awards?
Checking/Savings Account - Can I split them?
The Automatic Millionaire?
Okay. Here it is in all of its glory. What do you recommend we should do?
Different credit scores from same credit agency. What to do?
Auto insurance: How much should my liability policy cover?
Young/new professional, how much do you spend on rent and how much do you save? (UK)
Advice for Roth IRA?
Refinance income property that I'm losing money on? So many options &amp; looking at the numbers is driving me nuts. Any help?
Do I rent or sale my home after moving?
high income investing for slackers?
24 years old and need a new car. What can I afford and what would you recommend?
Buy a newer car or keep my paid off one?
Sell leased car?
Should I pause my 401k contributions to pay off debt?
Can I negotiate a payoff amount with credit card companies? (AU)
I'm so confused, what do I do?
Moving from the UK to Berlin: what should I do with my savings?
What to do with student loans while in school?
I don't make a ton of money. Is there something I should be doing differently for retirement?
best way to help parents buy a house?
(x-post from banking)What's the difference between banks, credit unions, trusts, co-op banks, etc.?
How to get started with investing, with very little money?
Feel like this is a really dumb question..when you save money for emergencies and also you need money for say a car down payment how do u do it?
Thinking about buying a car in the next year. How should I go about it?
Am i ready to invest and is this a good way to start?
I really want to start my own business, but I'm spooked because of all the other businesses closing down in my town. How can I get started without breaking bank, but also securing that I will stay in business?
True cost of trading in for a more fuel efficient car. Can you double check my math?
If I cancel my credit card, will it negatively impact my credit score?
How can I get financial aid after being denied for a student loan?
money showed up in my bank account! should I go to the bank or school and ask them or should I just act like nothing happened ?.
Will canceling a Capital One Secured credit harm credit score?
Supporting myself for the first time, with my current situation what can I do to save and become more financially responsible?
Take the 85K profit and put it down on new bigger home or rent out existing home, take rental profits and apply to new home mortgage?
Should I take this new job offer?
I have an idle Money Market IRA account with $11k and a 0.1 interest rate. Should I withdraw the money and take the IRS penalty?
Defer student loans until smaller loans are paid? Will this save me or hurt me in the end?
How to convince fiscally-paranoid parent to invest cash savings into a Vanguard Target Retirement fund?
25 Yrs. Old, ~$125k student debt. Best way to invest while paying down my debt?
Any suggestions on what reputable company might refinance my current car loan at a better interest rate in Ontario, Canada?
Is there any resource that shows the long term costs or values of purchases?
Exchanging savings to US dollar?
Am I forgetting anything? Wallet was stolen... :(
Which to get first, 2 auto loans or a mortgage?
How did you first bring up personal finance with your SO?
No way out, now what?
Stick with my lease and pay the overage? Or buy a cheap car for the same amount?
Should I get an overdraft? (UK)
A success story with a question: I'm 30, I've spent the last 10 years saving, and my net worth will top $150k on Tuesday. I work remotely, I'm newly single, and I don't own any property. Where do I go from here?
How is it POSSIBLE to save for retirement?
In the process of setting up a Roth IRA, what should I be asking my Roth provider?
Those in pf with kids or hoping to have them-- what child-related optional expenses are important to you?
Is my Roth IRA financial advisor right for me?
Should I get an AA rewards card? I'm worried about credit score ramifications.
What should i do about this debt collection agency?
401(k) for 1099 contractors?
Invest in myself and work/travel for another year or start my career now?
I found out that my credit score is 828. I make just shy of 30K a year. I would list my assets at 60K (20K for my car, 14K in retirement, 11K in stocks, 6K in cash, and the rest in other things). I have no debt. I am a 32 year-old male. How does my credit score help me move up economically?
Continue traveling the world or go home and start my career now?
How can I get the most bang for my buck on gas?
Move home and start my career or continue traveling/working abroad?
How do I calculate the loan amount when the loan is in forbearance?
You make $50k, regardless of location. How much can YOU put into savings/401k each month?
$370 overdrawn bank account sent to collections. Should I settle with collections for half?
How can I get help paying for school?
Is it a bad idea to invest sizeable amounts in Vanguard Lifestrategy funds in a taxable account?
Going to apply for a personal loan this week. Do you think I'll get approved?
Can someone give me a in-depth explanation on why Amway is a scam?
Do I need a new car?
Advice for a (young) new investor?
Advice on Bond %, and Bond Ramp-Up? Also, Bond Alternative in This Market?
Am I paying too much tax?
Lower insurance if car is titled to my dad?
Any personal recommendations for personal finance apps? Looking to track expenses, budgeting etc.
Start my career right now or continue working/traveling abroad?
What tools / service do you use to track your investments?
(CA) Receiving a small inheritance, RRSP or TFSA?
Does it help my credit score to have a credit card but not use it?
Large down payment + HELOC or keep cash out?
Is it legal to use refunded money from grants and scholarships to buy a car?
Should I open a IRA if a have a 401K?
Why isn't the contribution limit higher for a traditional IRA than a Roth?
What do you spend in a week after bills?
Roth or Traditional IRA for internship money?
Negotiating Salary: How many times to go back and forth?
Financial Planning for 3-4Mil?
Is joining the military a good option for getting grad school paid for?
Haven't filed taxes in a few years...how bad is this going to hurt?
Should I change my tax withholdings?
So what happens to my investments if my brokerage firm goes bust?
Bad shape, or some light at the end of the tunnel? Help, PF Reddit!
Whats the best way to keep track of chequing, VISA, savings accounts? (CA)
Putting emergency fund into mortgage offset (AU)?
Proper amount to invest in kids' college funds?
27 M, hope for Student Loan balance?
Is my boss lying about my paycheck?
Mint.com users: How do you account for large expenditures?
Debt consolidation?
2 Months Unemployed--&gt;New Job, Increased Salary, Plan of attack?
Should we buy a home?
What's the difference in income that allows people in urban areas to purchase half-million dollar homes in their 30s?
My wife will receive a generous defined-benefits pension. How should this affect our savings habits? To hell with our IRAs?
Never heard of account in collections?!
Just made a big move, and have a car. Thoughts?
401k over contribution question?
Considering refinancing, how is Greentree going to make money off of me and what should I look out for?
Great 401k/457 provider, rollover 401k portion to IRA or keep after I leave job?
Have a 25k mutual fund from my father, currently 100% stocks, what should I do with it?
$10,245.71 in debt to Chase Student loans, no way to pay. Advice?
Should I go for a car loan or just buy a cheaper one with cash?
Buying a Car: What's the best way?
Starting college in the fall, should I start saving for retirement?
Why should I get a credit card?
Opinion on Head Hunters and finding work in another state?
Is there a place that tells you the annual cost of living increase for your area?
(CA) Daisy Down Payment and Closing Cost Assistance Program - anyone heard of this or taken advantage of it?
Won some money and not sure what to do with it while at university!?
One month without health insurance...what to do?
Medallion Signature Guarantee not available at Bank of America?
I saved up 10k in my checking account... I want to invest/save it?
How much money does one need to start a credit union?
Baby on the way...married/single income in SoCal...how does our budget look?
Thinking of selling my home and moving in w/a relative/renting an efficiency for a year to pay off some bills, Good or bad idea?
Am I Insane? Another homebuying thread.
Saving for a home: Return leased car 11 months early or keep to end of term?
Maxed out my IRA but have poor options in my 457... what do I do?
Teenager here, how does my current approach look?
W2 Additional Allowances?
Any advantage to 401(k), 403(b), etc. if you just buy-and-hold?
Business owner looking at the CapitalOne Spark Cash credit card. 2% back on everything. Can be used w/ PayPal so we get 2% back when we pay contractors. Any downside I'm missing...?
Help! Financial Advice for Young Couple &amp; Best Personal Budget/Spending Tracking Software?
Don't know if I hit the Income Limit for Roth IRA, which deductions matter?
How do creditors choose which agency (TU, EF, and EX) to report to?
early 20s with savings account. Where to put the money?
New job with no benefit elegiligby for a year. Advice please?
Getting Married, When to combine finances?
How should one go about repaying friends after a long time financial slump?
Do capital gains count as taxable income for expats?
Valic 457(B) from High School Summer job. What can I do with it?
What should I invest savings after maxing out retirement accounts?
How can I find the BEST secured credit card to help rebuild my credit?
25, freelancer, low-income but high savings - Review my finances?
24, 105K salary, new to personal finance. Starting Advice? (US)
Is it a good idea to deal with debt collectors via postal mail only?
Smart ways to make ~$2,200 from graduation work to my advantage?
Should I invest in a Roth IRA if I already have a 401(k) and a S&amp;P 500 index fund?
How does a cosigned loan affect my credit score?
How should a 19 year old that goes to college 6hours away go about finding cheap car insurance?
Lending Parents Money - When Is it Right and When Do They Need to Get Their Act Together?
Trying to keep on track of retirement investments.. any good tools?
Employer owes me money. What can I do? (x-post from /r/legaladvice
Can I contribute ($1500) to a Roth IRA if my income for this year has only been $1000?
Inherited IRA: Max out distributions while in a low tax bracket?
Seriously considering a bigger house / mortgage...how would you describe our overall financial situation?
What happens if you max your HSA and 401K contribution for the year but quit mid year?
Student Loan Default - Rehabilate/Consolidate?
Retirement planning for single income families?
Recently cashed a bond; how much should I use to pay off debt vs invest?
How do you calculate the appropriate percentage of income to spend on housing? (mortgage vs. rent)
Is it bad if the signature on the back of a debit card is unreadable?
(US) How much cash should I put down on a 13k car if I've been approved for a 2.5% rate?
Best/smartest way to go about getting a small loan while unemployed?
Just got my first credit card... now what?
Accepting a subsidized loan of less than the amount offered? (US)
How do Roth 401(k) contributions work?
Is $200.00 enough money for a "healthy" food budget/monthly? (Specifically for an active individual)
How do credit card companies charge interest?
Are Offshore Accounts Useful for Legal Activities?
How exactly does an auto loan affect your credit?
How does car insurance work?
(AU) Just got a tax refund of $3500, now what?
Can you move from one fund to another inside a Roth IRA?
What should I do as I begin to earn money in preparation for college?
If I retire at age 60 I'll receive 83% of my (current) salary for the rest of my life. Is that good?
Do any savvy redditors know cheap ways to convert foreign currency into USD without incurring large transaction fees?
IRS withholding calculator tells me to use 5 allowances?
What's next?
Engagement Ring/Related Contemplated Loan Advice?
Does anyone use the BillGuard app? (UK)
Is it feasible to move (on paper) your residence to a different state to take advantage of in-state college tuition?
PF, as a 21 year old what would you do with 10-15kGBP?
Help me out with college funds? (serious)
Haven't got enough student loan to pay for my accommodation please help? (UK)
Long-term disability insurance?
What is the best place to put my savings?
How should I view my student loans/debt?
What funds, and allocations of said funds, did you use to construct your three fund portfolio?
My father has a 529 plan for my daughter, now that she's 18 what should I do with it for now?
What's the break even point on moving IRA to 401k vs Solo 401k?
What to do with my savings?
Great 401k/457 provider, rollover 401k portion to IRA or keep after I leave job?
Renting car for long road trips?
Generou$ offer for down payment, what to do ?
Doing a little freelance content writing work and looking for some advice on umbrella companies in the UK. Anything or anyone I should avoid or look out for?
Freelance? LLC? Advice for going out on your own?
Are airline credit cards worth it? Do "airline miles" work any better than regular "cash back" rewards for credit cards?
Does Tax-Loss Harvesting Cause Betterment or Wealthfront to Pay for Itself?
Is this a reasonable price for estate planning help?
Considering taking out a second credit card for the benefits? What are the downsides to having two credit cards active?
Small Collections Debt: What should I do?
How important is it to have your real mailing address up to date with financial institutions?
Want to create a 3 fund lazy portfolio in taxable brokerage account (VTI,VXUS,?) What do you invest in instead of bond funds?
Switched jobs, have a 403(b) - will buy a house within a year. Do I roll the 403(b) over into my company's 403(b) plan or a Roth IRA? I'll need to access those funds for my down payment.
25% of my first paycheck went to tax. Is this normal?
$14,500 inheritance received. What to do?
Use internship money for loans or retirement?
Question on HSAs and Double Insurance Coverage - am I still eligible to contribute to a HSA?
[Advice Request] How do I go about my plan in the most effective way?
Wanting to max our Roth IRA accounts this year, but will possibly be close to income limits. Should I just do a backdoor now even if I might end up under?
Most efficient way to pay off two student loans?
(US) Best bank with physical branches?
Prioritize student debt or saving for down payment?
21/single/no kids, do I enroll in life insurance?
Looking to build US credit while living in Canada?
How do you confront and help a friend who consistently makes the worst financial decisions?
Is this stealing?
Do you invest in index funds, if so how much?
how can I take over my mutual funds account?
When can I realistically afford a house?
How do you deal with purchases that don't fit into your budget?
What is the difference between mutual funds (open-end, close-end), index funds, ETFs, money market funds, etc.?
Thoughts on Merrill Lynch Roth IRA?
Can you have an MSA and an HSA at the same time?
Should I refinance my car loan?
In what order would you pay off these loans?
What are the pros and cons of no fault car insurance vs non no fault car insurance?
How to approximate US Stock Market Index if no index funds available?
I'm loaning myself money to pay off credit card debt. Afterwards, I'd like to cancel a few of the cards. Would that diminish my credit / FICO score?
Started new job -- rollover old 401k to new job's 401k?
Can I afford to buy a home with a VA home loan? Details inside.
Should I open a new Vanguard brokerage account or attach it to my Retirement account?
Federal student loan is in collections. Haven't made a payment in years and now a collection agency is calling. Advice please?!
Is SGLI worth it?
How much pay increase should I ask for at work? [Serious]
23, What to do with my CD?
Should I contribute to a Roth IRA or a Traditional IRA?
Public Service student loan forgiveness worth it for me?
How do you guys deal with family and money? My parent is angry at me for asking for my money back.
How do I clear a fraudulent debt?
When can I afford a home?
Has anyone set up and contributed to a 529 before having kids?
[Meta]Can we turn off AutoModerator links to the wiki?
Limits on Discretionary Employer Contributions to 401k?
Is there a credit union equivalent to Bank of America's "Keep the change" program?
Trying to correct my credit, are any of the pay credit monitoring sites worth using?
Somebody backed into my car, I'm getting it assessed tomorrow for damage to the vehicle. How do I go about being paid for diminished value?
Maxxed Roth IRA for 2014 already, but just increased income enough to put me well over the cut off?
How do I negotiate my starting salary?
About to start a graduate job in a month's time. What should I be doing now and later? (UK)
Debt free but broke or big financial safety net but constantly battling interest? (U.S. Federal Student Loans)
Should my (unemployed engineer) wife start looking for part time work? Xpost /r/jobs
19, from the uk, never had a proper paid job, wondering if i'll still get taxed even though i've never earned over 10K?
Issuing a personal loan against a title?
403b pre-tax or post-tax?
Anyone invested in Vanguard total international bond index fund (VTIBX/VTABX/BNDX)? If so how much of your bond allocation is in this fund?
Suggestions for my 1st credit card?
Should I transfer my funds in my 401(k) to higher fees - higher average 10 year total return?
Refinance Auto-Loan to Lower Monthly Payment - Want to Keep Making Same Payments or More - Advice?
Can I open a Roth IRA if all my income is made overseas? Or just general investing for retirement while living overseas?
HSA as Emergency Fund - good idea or 'no-no'?
Looking to buy a house in ~6 months - should I pay off my motorcycle or save for the house?
My 401k seems weird, should I do it?
Will you help me understand and set up my tax at my first job?
Trying to rebuild my credit. Tips?
Email from Chase offers credit line increase without credit inquiry. Worth it or not?
Getting a personal loan to pay off credit card debt? (US)
Intern salary without withholding and Full time job with withholding for 2014, how to file?
I played around with stocks on the side for 2 years and earned a 20% profit before taxes (details inside). Is there anything I could have/should have done better?
Time to invest or time to save? Help me sort it out.
Should my (unemployed engineer) wife start looking for part time work? Xpost /r/jobs
Moving to US (NYC) - any advice for checking account?
My Investment plan (first time investing) is this a good beginning strategy?
Using "Purchasing Credit" for help with a downpayment? (CA)
How to get your first credit card? (Canada)
Taxable Bonds, Muni Bonds, or something else?
Using a "Purchasing Credit" to buy a condo? (CA)
Best travel rewards credit cards in (CA)?
Save in current accounts parents have set up or look elsewhere?
401k loan to pay off credit cards?
Why was my question on international bond funds deleted?
Unmatched 401k?
401k was closed without notification - sent me a check for amount minus taxes. What do I do?
Can I afford to keep helping my mother?
Higher rent v good location?
How can I help my parents with personal finance?
How do you guys format your personal budget spreadsheet?
New cell phone time, what's up with 'Easy Pay'?
Selling the house... now what?
If I'm a UK/USA dual citizen and I work in the UK on my UK passport, do I still have to pay US taxes?
Stick with freelance or go full-time? Advice needed.
About to start a new job but living at home still. Younger sister is about to start college. Can I deduct anything if I help pay her tuition?
Best Company to Open a Roth IRA with?
Opened up a Roth IRA with Vanguard Target Retirement 2055 fund - if I set up automatic investments every month, would I have to reallocate the $?
Where should I put my emergency fund?
Multiple credit cards: Best course of action? (US)
Looking for a user friendly personal finance system to sort my spending/income- Any suggestions?
Seeking to switch individual health insurance...am I trapped in my horrible Obamacare plan?
Need some advice regarding company provided health insurance costs and options. Anyone have experience with this?
Father offering house on the cheap... wise or not?
I just depoisted a personal check for exactly 10,000 into my savings account at Bank of America in California, will it be taxed?
Help me travel?
Credit unions, where have you BEEN all my life?!
What should I know about being on Workman's Comp?
I want to trade in my car, but it has some significant problems that need to be repaired. Am I better off trading it in as-is, or fixing everything first?
Don't Trust My Dealership Anymore, How Does Financing Work When There Are Delays?
Pay off my student loans and increase my credit score during grace period?
Buying a house: I have credit, but no capital. She has capital, but no credit. How screwed are we going to be?
Just moved to a new city, living off my credit card, am I am fool?
What to do with ~$1700 403(b) fund from my old job?
If credit card has rewards, and you have appropriate funds why not use as a opposed to a debit card/cash?
What advice can I give my parents to start saving/investing for retirement?
Looking at buying a vehicle that has a lien on it. Advice?
Any great audiobooks?
Canadians of r/personalfinance, what do I need to know about starting a TFSA?
Insurance Help- am I stuck with my horrible plan??
Teetering between doing well and possible doom...help us tip?
Why shouldn't I get one of the advertised Capital One cards and put all my bills on it and pay it off at the end of each month?
No debt, looking to save: what should I do first?
Help... totally confused about personal finance?
Any advice on how to negotiate down medical bills?
What's a good resource or method for figuring out which grocery stores are having sales?
If I have $2000 in immediate debt (18.99% rate), $3000 in my account and $500 in surplus income each month what is the best approach?
What are the effects on my credit if I open and close multiple credit cards?
Low Emergency Fund okay for mil?
How to save for a house down payment with so many other financial priorities?
If I don't have a car, do I need insurance?
Best thing to do with money made over summer, as a college student with no debt?
What's your debt? How are you doing?
Was laid off and now jobless with mortgage... Should I still keep money liquid or still apply toward ROTH IRA or student loan?
Employer contribution to HSA comes out of my paycheck?
Can I afford my apartment on my salary?
How do I rent out a room to a friend safely and effectively?
Just paid off nearly $9K in newer debt...advice moving forward?
Questions on Social Security Survivor Benefits?
What would happen if I changed my name?
Apply for more no-annual-fee credit cards?
My partner wants to buy a house, I'm not so sure. What's the best thing to do with our money? (UK/USA)
Any online credit unions?
Best way to tackle this debt. Stop savings?
(Australian &gt; USA) My daughter raised the idea of a college education in the USA. I will support her so what sort of costs am I looking at if she goes to a reasonably good school? Will I see much change out of $50k a year? Accom &gt; expenses &gt; tuition
Student loans - can I pay them off before I graduate?
Started paying off my student debt a couple months ago, still in grad school with limited income. Any suggesions? [graphs included]
Quick advice requested. Sell stocks to pay off credit card debt? I am bad with managing/spending money.
(UK) Lied on P45 Form am I in trouble ?
Max out Roth IRA or payoff student loans with a low, but variable, interest rate?
Sofi can drop my interest rate to a 4.16% 5 year variable. Do I make the switch?
I have 10,000 in a CD. What should I do with it?
Is there any drawback to increasing my credit limit?
House downpayment from parents in the UK, I'm in the USA. Are there any tax implications for transferring that money to the USA?
Should I invest or finish paying off my car first?
If I want to retire when I'm ~50 years old, am I better off making investments outside a 401K plan or should I be putting in the maximum amount and then take an early withdrawl penalty?
Where to invest $40k in cash?
Roth or Traditional IRA if under Pay As You Earn plan?
Buying a condo, closing date is pushed back because appraiser made a mistake. Is this legitimate?
I have 10k saved up...should I use it to pay off a few student loans? (23y.o)
Does Mint work with different currencies, foreign banks?
Lifestrategy fund in taxable account?
Can you help with my retirement portfolio?
How much should we contribute to our investment accounts? What can we do better?
pay back 401k loan faster, or increase contribution?
35k student loans. 2 years left of school. The army is now paying for my school, not loans. Should I draw subsidized loans to pay off my unsubs?
20yr old college student here. I need a car and im considering taking out a small student auto loan. Any advice?
I think I found my calling - Is it worth it?
Where do I go from here?
Company is going to IPO soon. Should I get stock when I am semi-broke?
Teachers in debt. How do we get out?
I just discovered this subreddit. I decided to get some opinions. Should I be stressed about my situation like my wife or comfortable?
Life Insurance as a savings account?
What's wrong with speculative trading?
Should I witch to Roth 403b? Should I take pension as lump sum or monthly payment? Taxes now vs RMD
Keeping a Credit Card Open with a Zero Balance Good or Bad?
Whole life insurance? I bought it, now what?
Victim of Verbal Abuse Wanting Out.. How Do I Do It Financially? [30F]
What's the best way to sit on my money?
What do I do with an Inherited IRA?
Is there a way to transfer your student loans onto a credit card?
My car was towed. Does it make more sense to abandon it?
Is it worth it getting an Amazon store card at age eighteen for the signing bonus?
Why maximize retirement vs non-retirement funds when you are young?
Able to save some money, what to do?
19, first official office job, I feel like an amateur for even asking, but how do I go about asking for a raise?
What should I do with my money?
Got a letter from the IRS, but it's not addressed to me. What do I do?
Is it a good idea to pay back the original creditor instead of a collection agency?
(AU) Wanting to move to USA via student/work visa. How much money should I save up?
In terms of credit score, is it worthwhile to move CC debt to Prosper/LendingClub?
Looking to buy a lot in Belize for 20-30k. What should I worry about?
How do I consolidate my credit cards? Opened 3 last Christmas, I have 4 months before the 12month/0% APR offer ends. (details inside)
Public Service Loan Forgiveness - Student Loans?
How old do you need to start to build credit?
Just acquired $5k in cash. What is the best thing I can do with this money?
Do not know how much to ask for as an hourly wage?
How do you guys choose which stocks to invest in? I'm 21 and looking to start investing in the market.
"Don't buy a beater." - I have $5000 to put towards a car. What should I look for?
What is a good lenght of credit history ?
Received tuition reimbursement, but may need to pay back because of unexpected job opportunity. Any suggestions on the best way to handle this?
Edit: A letter. Defaulted on Education Loan with AES/Charter Bank, can I get GradPlus loan?
What is the most cost-effective way to sell stock?
Is it legal to use a graduate student loan to pay off an undergraduate student loan?
What are the best ways to save up for a down payment on a house?
What are my taxes so high?
What happens when you receive credit/refund on a credit card when the balance is zero?
How concerned should I be about an EXTREMELY high credit utilization, if it is paid off in full every month?
Above Roth IRA income limit. Roth or Traditional 401k?
Savings Accounts: Where Do You Bank?
Can Amex Green build credit?
I need a car, is a new one a good idea?
Student suddenly earning a lot...what's the best way to maximize my income?
Raised Credit Limit - FICO score dropped 27 points?
LendingClub? Good decision? Bad decision?
Debt Collector Drama: I requested a pay for delete, and they said they would "send the letter to request it, but could not confirm it would actually be deleted." What should I do?
Is there an alternative to Mint.com that doesn't require you to give a third party your account passwords?
Chargeback related to Bankruptcy Filing?
Why do we assume markets will have positive returns in the long run?
~$20k in CC Debit. $3.5k in Medical bills. $1000 cash. What do?
Help me contemplate all my options?
I'm going to Europe for 6 weeks to take a class, and am looking to get my first credit card for the trip. What should I look for in a card?
Stuck in a bind?
LendingKarma.Com?
Chip-and-pin credit card with no foreign transaction fees?
Is there a 'better' choice between bond or bond ETF (same for treasuries)?
I am not vested in my company's 401k matches until 3 years since my hire date. I do not expect to work here for that long. Should I still opt-in?
401K - how aggressive should I be?
Personal mortgage vs business loan to purchase bed and breakfast?
Getting car insurance by myself at age 20?
401k or Ohio Deferred Comp?
Refinancing a student loan through a private lender, still a 'student loan'?
Are index funds a secret?
Roth or Traditional IRA when considering husband's finances?
Told a credit card company a higher gross then I make?
Average family here, how will we ever get ahead?
Can someone critique my retirement plan?
Power bill price? (Aus)
Going back to college after dropping out for a year due to health issues. I now have to take out a private loan. where to start?
Looking for new credit card- which is best for me?
[NYC] When you invoice some one can you add state tax? Self-employed here. Any nyc self-employed redditors?
Pay As You Earn loan repayment advice? Chip away early or get forgiven?
Hi, just moved into a new apartment! Quick question- if a bill isn't due till the 28th, can I just pay it today?
Discover vs. Chase — is one company better than the other?
Medical bills from 3 years ago... Have not heard a thing from collectors what should I do?
24 y/o, Just opened a Roth IRA and new to investing. Any general tips or advice?
Should I be reallocating funds within my 401k or ride it out no matter what?
Should I be doing something more with the money I'm saving for taxes? (1099-MISC work)
Is there a stock ticker for the funds in my 401k or can I only go by their respective benchmarks?
Looking for input on my finances. Should I save more?
life crisis at 30?
Advice on paying student loan vs. building savings?
Bankruptcy dismissed, how to reapply for credit cards?
Should I invest money into a 401K plan offered by my company even if they aren't matching any contributions?
Do I walk away from a job w/a pension for more takehome pay and restricted stock? [Serious]
25 and making a decent living, but not sure what's next?
LPT:. Always ask "Is that the best you can do?" Powerful negotiating tool.
Advantage of a traditional 401k vs traditional IRA?
Mint question: Is it double-counting credit card payment spending?
First time buyers programs?
High expense ratio 401k options?
Different scores from the same credit bureau?
What is your opinion on buying a Tesla?
How to invest $30,000 to double your income and increase cash flow?
How much of a negative impact will applying for multiple home loans have on my credit score?
College now or later?
I'm an independent contractor. Should I be paying quarterly taxes to the IRS? What's the penalty if I wait until the end of the year/April 2015?
How do I ask for a pay raise, to offer more help to 2nd job?
Are consumers eligible for any incentive on buying a used hybrid?
Family in bankruptcy, how should I (19 y/o) purchase a used car?
Worth it to refinance personal loan? *Prosper*
Should I get a car loan, even though I have no credit?
Help in choosing between employee stock plan and ??
leaving military for college.... car advice?
Working FT and small business owner (LLC) with a question - if my LLC does not make any profit this year and I invested my $ in starting it up, would I be able to get tax deductions off my regular income?
HELP! Where can I get a 30 day loan for $3000?
What can I do to minimize my student loan debt?
Smartest way to pay off credit card debts while taking on a student loan?
Secured vs unsecured credit cards, does it matter?
Can any of you awesome people guide me along the path of college loans? I am having a predicament and my school's aid office is taking forever to get back to me.
Q: Is there a downside to paying off a credit card multiple times a month?
Took over a 2009 Honda Civic with $10,000 left to pay off, what are my options?
23 year old guy wondering if you could critique my budget? How is my financial health?
What is the benefit of purchasing a US Savings Bond during a period of low-interest?
I am 20 years old and I save aost all my income. what should i do with it?
Feeling hopeless. 108k in Student loan debt, just moved to London for work. Can pay off student loan making 1200 dollar payments each month for 10 years, doesn't leave much else. How do I handle this?
Parent's 800,000 home loan debt (AU), will this affect me?
What is the whole credit-mentality in the US all about?
Anything I should do with my money that just sits?
Paying off my $220k mortgage is my #1 priority... is that sensible? (AU)
Anyone know of a data set that has information on student loans? How many people actually have student loans, the amounts or how many entered repayment on those loans?
401k with limited options. Avoid high expense funds or maintain portfolio diversity?
My wife has $35,000.00 in Canada $10,000.00 of it is in US dollars...how do we move that money to the US safely and without much penalty?
What am I missing? (Annual budget, accounts)
I'm ready to start being financially responsible and a great start would be to sell a lot of my books/movies... what is the best way to do that?
I have a chance to transfer to a different, more expensive university for my senior year, which would lead to my top-choice grad program. Do I do it?
What should I look to spend on housing?
What am I Missing? (Budget, Accounts)
Increased Income-- Planning debt repayment and investing. Advice?
My graduate school yearly tuition is $18k but I've been approved for a loan of $26k. Should I accept just enough for tuition (and only have to eventually pay off $54k), or accept enough to pay for rent and expenses (so that I can save what I earn but eventually have to pay off $78k)?
Need to raise my credit score 80 points, did this do it?
(UK) I lost my job, what can I do to make life easier?
Debt consolidation for two credit cards (CA), good idea?
Are condos worth the investment (long term?) ?
403(b) Ripoff?
Can you get a student credit card without an income?
26year old - 185K in Loans - Am i doing it right ?
I just went to court for bankruptcy 2 weeks ago. Will I be able to get an apartment?
Just got my first credit card - can I pre-pay money and don't worry about fees?
How can we get a house? Or should we even be worried about that now?
Pay off the mortgage or use it for the tax write-off?
Taking out a $16,226 loan to do a masters in law in London - good or bad idea?
Just bought a home. What's up with the biweekly payment program?
Is there anything wrong with pyramid schemes? If so/not why and why do people have such a problem with them?
About to become an out of state landlord (Ohio home). Are there any "Cliffs Notes" type of resources I can look into to get an idea of how to handle this?
Any recommendations on where to get a secured credit card?
College grad with no debt, no career, and 50k. What's my best move?
I own a company that does 3M a year in profits. Should I go public?
Private School loan for 18k at 13.25%. Was hoping to get it out of the loan company that has shady practices and high interest rate but can't qualify for a credit card that high. Any way to transfer that amount somewhere better?
$3,000 into a 12-mo CD at 3% APY - smart deal?
I have $20,000 in my savings account, what should I do with it?
What is a good way for an 19 year old college student to start building decent credit?
I have some 1,000s sitting around, and i'm looking to make some short time investments (like TIPS)? Where should I look?
Anyone have ideas for supplementing my income during the 30% of the time I am home from work?
Coming into significant sum of money, what's the best way to tackle my student loans while still in school? [x-post from /r/studentloans]
Grad Student in Debt and Coming into some Money. Advice?
Should I cash out my HSA?
Reddit: What are some easy ways to lower your tax burden?
Sallie Mae Question: Is it a good idea to pay it all at once?
Card holder passed, we shared the account, they closed it. Can we get it back?
My first 401k, limited fund options with high expense ratios, how to invest?
Can you be charged interest if your payment has been processed?
What's stopping me from abusing credit card sign-up offers if I don't need to worry about the lowering of my FICO score?
How do I pay for my parents retirement and medical costs?
Q: Why do too many inquiries hurt ones credit rating?
How do I go about paying overdue income tax?
Has anyone used Feex.com?
Credit reports &amp; collection agencies - disputing/suing?
Why buy when you could borrow? (UK)
What bank should I choose?
What is the smallest amount you should have when considering investing?
Is there any way to trace the source of bad (personal) info on your credit report?
Is there any bank that has actual web security compliance?
Surprise IRS back tax bill - any advice on what our family can do?
Universal Life Insurance - A good investment?
[CA] Professional Working Adult - Financing Education?
What are the differences between large banks (i.e. Chase, Suntrust, etc.) and Credit Unions? What are the pros and cons of each? Which do you prefer, and why?
Opening many small accounts for specific purchases/expenses?
(CA) What to do with US$5,000? (xpost /r/PersonalFinanceCanada)
Student loans, Retirement and an Emergency Fund. Am I doing this right?
Buying a vespa on credit, am I crazy?
Does using mint.com or any other online service void fraud protection?
Will you get better loans for buying a house if you are part of a big bank (versus a small one like Simple)?
Moved and still need to change banks- how do I get cash quickly and easily for a deposit on an apartment?
Would be it stupid to sell my current car and opt for a lease during school?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking an auto loan from a dealer vs a credit union?
Doing some retirement math, anyone want to check my numbers?
With 43k/yr, how is my budget/savings plan, and what's the best way to take advantage to no serious bills?
Which credit card is the 'best' to get ? Or is there one ? (CA)
Looking to contribute to an IRA. Should I use Vanguard even though I (21 m) already have money with TD Ameritrade?
What do you guys think about LTC (long term care)?
Paying for necessary items close to spending limit on credit card?
Can we get a car loan before starting work?
USA: Loan from 401(K?)?
[CANADA] 10K to invest, is my investment advisor steering me the wrong way?
Saving money but being confused about where to invest! How are we doing for our age? Where shall I invest the money we save almost every month?
Which card should I focus on paying off?
Teaching your kids about financial literacy?
Where is the best place to keep money if I plan on buying a home in the next 2-3 years?
Real estate...to buy or not to buy. Is this budget sustainable?
Savings accounts and when to switch?
What does /r/personalfinance think about disability insurance?
Thinking of possibly buying a house, or should we just rent?
Considering cashing in Roth IRA to buy a boat as a first time homebuyer. Bad idea?
20 years old and trying to get out of a bind... any advice?
Is financial freedom really possible?
IT contractor being terminated, since I work for a company, the contracting company, I can apply for unemployment benefits?
My first car accident, am I getting screwed? What should I do?
YNAB has sex appeal in this sub. why?
Should I focus on investing early or should I use my nest egg (sub-$25k) to buy myself a townhouse?
I'm 18 and in college. Should I get a credit card?
How do bonds work, and how much should I have?
How to go about setting up a will?
My compensation includes a "guaranteed bonus" in addition to my salary. Why is my employer doing that?
Does receiving a debt letter automatically hurt your credit? Or is that only if the debt is valid and filed as such?
Best way to carry about 20k USD over different countries?
Recently arranged a Vanguard 3 fund portfolio. I need help with Google Spreadsheet Portfolio to buy/balance the funds. PS: Does this make any sense? PPS: are my fund buying habbits correct?
What happens to fraudulent charges?
At what amount is a 0% balance transfer worth it?
I'm an Australian living in Russia, but working online.. any financial advice?
Just got engaged (yay!!). FH has no credit, I have great credit. What will happen when we marry? (US/UK)
Would it make sense to borrow against a 401K to pay a mortgage down to 80% LTV to stop paying PMI?
Is there any point in buying $100 worth of stocks?
If going from a self-employed contactor to an employee of a company, how much of a pay-cut equates to the benefits the company gives you?
Transfer my 13% interest Discover balance to a 0% interest Chase Freedom card?
What to do with student refunds?
Monthly food expense?
NYT: "Who Routinely Trounces the Stock Market? Try 2 Out of 2,862 Funds"
What kind of car insurance do I need if I'm 22 with few (&lt;$10,000) of assets?
I spent $3000 at a strip club on my credit card. How should I go about paying this? Yes, I am an idiot.
[CA] Is there a website which offers a course on all the basics of personal finance? E.G. terms, basic investing, etc. ?
GF had her money stolen in Turkey, and I'm in the US. What's the fastest and easiest way to send her a few bucks?
Anybody familiar with benefits available to children of deceased parents? (CA)
529 Help... Is a high ER worth it?
Do I need to keep my older credit card active?
Declined student line of credit?
In my 30s, should I finish my bachelor's degree?
Cancellation of a freelance job with 6 days' notice left me without a month's pay. Company won't pay cancellation fee. Suggestions? (UK)
Want to start planning to buy a house. Have 401k, mutual fund, and employer stock purchase plan, but that's pretty much it. What's the best way to get a down payment out of all this?
Buying a rental property?
Is acorns a worthwhile investment? Also a couple more investment questions
Does having multiple bank accounts with different banks negatively effect my credit?
Best way to setup savings for my niece and nephew?
Automatic bill pay: arrival date or due date?
Why is there such a huge disparity in closing costs?
Where should I allocate my 401k money?
I am coming into $750k, possibly to be 3M. How can I invest it so I never have to work?
Have a taxable brokerage account, I want to close it to pay off debt and then stick the remainder into a Roth IRA. Are there any tax implications for me doing this?
Tips for saving money as a server?
What did you do with your stock portfolio in the last crash?
Minimum amount over minimum payment for credit report to show "paid more than minimum"?
Do you let other people borrow your car?
What are your top finance books?
What should be the first thing you do to protect yourself when you find out your spouse is hiding bank accounts and credit cards from you?
Is it worth it to replace older low fuel economy vehicle if the payment would be as much as current fuel cost?
Do i contact the original creditor or the collection agency now?
Inheriting around 300,000$, I still live at home with my mom. How can I put the money to good use?
Does anyone know how I can obtain a US money order from the UK? It seems impossible!
Which Credit Card? 28 y/o -M- US - No Credit at all
Budgeting with an unemployed live-in boyfriend, what would that look/sound like?
What is the best free/cheap budgeting software i can purchase?
What should I claim on my W-4 as a Married Individual who's spouse does not work and I have 2 kids?
Buying I-Bonds under minor children's names: yay or nay?
Is it possible for an employer to offer only a traditional 401k?
Was just offered two jobs at the same time... thinking of taking both, does anyone have a similar experience?
Trying to create a standard 3 fund portfolio for my 401k, but can't figure out which funds to invest in to do this properly. Help?
19 years old, make $18 an hour, only debt is student loans, no credit history. Is there any shot of me getting a non-secured credit card? OR should I just bite the bullet and get a secured one?
Should I delay paying off my student loans in order to improve my credit score?
What are your tips on getting the best price on a new car?
I (20F) am a college student with no debt and growing disposable income that sits in a checking account. What can I do?
What 2050 fund should I pick for my Roth IRA?
To consolidate loans or not?
I have 38k in student loan debt and no other debt at 28 years old. Graduating this fall. Is this a lot of debt? What are some ideas on how to pay this down quickly?
Are there any providers who will refinance private student loans at a fixed rate? What's your experience with them?
Multiple Bank Accounts? CA
What can a 17 year old do with his $4,000?
What to do with 401k plan with high fee options?
Applied for the SallieMae World Mastercard and was not instantly approved - is this common?
Should I still invest in index funds if I have a large amount of student loan debt?
Should I get a loan?
(CA) I have a mortgage with ex, I signed over title, I still have mortgage for 219k, I don't think she qualifies to take over mortage. What can I possibly do?
Repatriating with 130k, what to do; what to do?
I just hit the max for my 401k contributions, what next?
I have 5k in savings, is it wise to stop saving temporarily and focus on aggressively eliminating my 7k car loan? I also have 47k in student loans. I make 55k a year and have the maximum contribution to my 401k.
Is having more than one Roth IRA beneficial?
Am I in a position to apply for a credit card?
What can I do about a car?
Inherited an ETF account, sell and reinvest or sit?
Am I supposed to be losing this much money out of my paycheck?
How long does it normally take your credit score to recover from hard inquiries?
This might be a really stupid question, but does my credit report list all of my possible loans and mortgages?
2k in emergency fund - build up further or pay off debt?
Just 18 with $14,000. How to manage?
Should I buy or lease a car?
Young or old is the best time?
Which investment vehicle?
Family lending me $330K to buy a house, but it needs to be paid back right away. Best way to take advantage of such a unique opportunity?
I have about 9k between two credit cards in the U.S, they've been no interest, but that is about to expire...Help?
Asked to be power of attorney for finances by my mother. What things should she and I discuss?
Which fund to choose for my HSA investment account?
Hypothetical: Age 25, my 401k is heavily invested in stocks (target 2050 retirement fund). What should I do if the stock market were to crash?
I want to move my money away from BoA -- where should I go?
I'm in the US want to have the option to retire at 40, but everything is geared toward retiring at 65. What can I do?
Dueling Mortgages: What's the best way to go about this?
If I claimed 0 on my W-4 form, do I get all of my taxes back?
Am I withholding too much from my bi-weekly paycheck? And what's the harm if I am?
Am I Missing Out By Not Doing an IRA? (Already Have a 401k + Taxable Investment Accounts)
How am I doing with my budget? $46k/year in NYC for 30s couple, no kids (US)
Moving with 18 k in student loans, need to start paying so brother is no longer the Co signer?
Are there any downsides to this that I'm missing?
Backdoor Roth IRA w/Vanguard - Minimum Investment Workaround?
What's the next step? Just purchased our 1st home.
Is refinancing worth it / changing payment plans?
My parents (abroad) want to send me money through PayPal, so I can send it back to them through Western Union. Legal? Taxes?
Should I be getting paid overtime if I'm "on-call"?
Consolidate and/or Asking For Lower Interest Rates? (CA)
For those who have SO's/Spouses that keep your finances separate, how do you handle the joint bills?
Need ways to pay for my upcoming semester at college, any advice? Situation explained in text field.
Is using my home equity to pay off CC debt a good idea?
If money ever completely loses its value, what are some things that will be the most valuable moving forward?
How can I improve my situation even more?
[M/20] GF [F/22] want to move forward. Reasonable/not to move in together?
How bad is it to open two credit cards at the same time?
Rolling over first 401k to IRA, keep traditional or convert all to Roth?
Does the act of a collection agency purchasing your past due debt reset the statute of limitations?
Total Money Makeover -- Experiences, Etc.?
Is there a process to turn people in for every-day kind of financial fraud? What about bigger stuff?
What should I take: 100 free shares or 200 options?
Already maxed out a Roth IRA for 2014 (Vanguard). Have ~$3k in a Simple IRA at Morgan Stanley. Can I roll it over to a Roth this year or do I have to wait until 2015?
Aging parent/generation gap, budgeting for the future?
Paying down CC's by increasing student loan amount?
Save for down payment or contribute more to 401k?
How Should I Exchange My Money? (Note: Dollars to Euros)
Waiting period before applying for a card after building my credit?
How do I determine if I can contribute to a Roth IRA now?
I accidentally didn't file for exemption status for the 2013-2014 year, did I lose out on some money I could've gotten refunded?
What should I do with my 401k from a previous employer?
Should I reinvest company stock?
Student loans, credit card bills, landlord bugging me for last months rent, just graduated, no job, help?
What to do when you cant pay your bills?
Is there a place to compare student loan rates at?
Will my proposed salary be enough for the Bay Area?
Choosing a financial services provider for local government employees. Which companies do you recommend?
How to improve credit? Have chargeoffs, collections, owe state backtaxes, and foreclosure on credit report.
Should I halt HSA contribs to pay off my house earlier?
Might a car lease actually be a prudent decision for me?
Saver or Spender?
I got kicked out of my house and completely cut off from my family, what financial moves should I make now?
My landlord is holding half of my deposit for lawn issues.. help? (GA)
What is an accurate way to gestimate monthly mortgage costs?
Where to invest my HSA? Any HSA tips?
Difference between Vanguard and purchasing Vanguard funds elsewhere, like Scottrade?
18, male. Looking to possibly get a personal loan to buy a car. Good idea or bad?
Senior in college looking for a short-term (2-3 year) investment so that when I am done with Grad school, I will have some extra money. Is a CD my best bet?
FullTime Student. New house with more rent, Should I worry?
If my wife an I both have IRAs and we can't yet put $5,500 in each, is there an optimal way to split?
What Assets Help With A Student Line of Credit? (CA)
How's our budgeting?
Should my parents sell their house? (Canada)
Best way to switch over things like Amazon from my parents card to my own?
Payroll problems in my favor, should I be worried?
Does it make sense to save enough for a 20% down payment on a house if I plan to pay it off in less than 4 years?
Is it illegal to refinance a car with a higher interest rate?
So my scholarship got cancelled...more than doubling my debt. What to do?
Why should I invest so heavily in US stocks over stocks from other developed countries?
I am going to be going to medical school in two weeks, can my wife claim me as a dependent?
Who do I consult about paying off my debts?
Lots of cards with 0 balance - should I be closing some?
Hi, I'm 16 and I just got my first job at a fast food place. I'd like to set up a bank account or savings account or something, I don't really know too much about this kind of thing. Could someone please help me?
Wills and trusts, where to start?
New Job Has No 401(k) for 1st Year. Help?
How do I figure out the how much of a tax deduction I'll be able to take on the mortgage interest before buying a first home?
Take out a 2nd mortgage to pay for home improvement?
Sharing an address, but not common law? We have children. Worried about taxes in Canada.
Am I way too cheap? I save 90% of my earnings.
I was told I would be contacted by my student loan officer 6 months after graduation. It's been 14 and I haven't heard a thing. Should I contact them?
What does finance feel like after college?
Paying off the mortgage?
Using financial aid refund to make dents in previous loans?
Went from FT to PT as an independent contractor, picked up FT work as an employee--Taxes??
Wealthfront vs Betterment vs Vanguard?
New college student seeking advice about private loans?
401k provider charges an asset fee and doesn't provide a self directed brokerage, is this normal?
Summer Internship: 401k or Roth?
Safe to open another credit card &amp; transfer balance 3mo before applying for home mortgage?
Should I accept a decent job, or continue education and accrue debt?
First 401k! What funds to choose?
Budgeting with semi monthly pay - how do you do it?
Parents in US loaning me money for college in Europe - how should they send the money?
Making Financial Progress Whilst "Stuck" In College?
Any disadvantages of paying off auto loan ASAP?
Is there any benefit in paying off a small loan early?
friend borrowed 40k and left. what do I do?
San Francisco - financial stress is hurting our marriage. What is fair? Equal? Is it economic for us to just divorce?
Should I take loans or depend on my parents for college?
I need help with budgeting, ideas??
Homeowners moving to rented accommodation temporarily... should we keep the original property? (UK)
Should I contribute to my Rollover IRA, or open a new IRA account?
How to close Roth IRA? Switched to Vanguard, still have unwanted Schwab Roth with &lt;$20 in earnings hanging around. What to do with it?
What are your favorite, higher risk, investment vehicles?
Evidence against index funds and for diversified individual stocks?
Should I borrow from my 401k in this situation?
Paying students loan after immediately or slowly?
Should you always sell company stock?
401k through work. yes/no?
Car insurance shopping in Aurora, CO. Advice for a 23-year-old single female student?
When do you need a financial planner?
What can I do for my newborn for the next 18 years that will help him out in life?
Employer 401(k) Match Not What We Were Led to Believe. Any Tips?
Unclaimed Government Money?
Motorcycle loan worth it?
What to do with 200k profit from selling my house and down sizing?
Saving for a house - what's the best way to grow the money until we have the downpayment saved up?
Who wants to give a Veteran financial advice?
What should I do with $40k in savings while attending medical school?
To Invest or Pay Off Mortgage???
Roth IRA: Who should I invest with?
Young individual with large income. What do I invest in after paying off my debts?
Balancing a checkbook by hand vs. Online records only -- is there a reason to balance your checking account by hand anymore?
Tips or suggestions for living independently at 18?
Need to sell car, still have loan, how should I approach this situation?
Is there a way to start a retirement fund for a child?
Should I be doing something with this money sitting in my savings account while in college?
Should I sell my mutual funds, and pay off my mortgage?
Financial wellness boot camp?
No debt (technically). Contributing to TSP and maximum Roth IRA -- What next?
Have a year before my student line of credit becomes due - what should I do until then (CA)?
Where should we start?
I apply for new credit cards that have a 0% promo APR for a certain time after my old credit cards' 0% promo period ends. I've done this three times in the past few years. Would this affect my credit score?
Personal finance next moves?
What should I do with the extra money I am earning while studying? (DE)
Dealership financing: How to avoid numerous hard pulls?
Should I buy a mobile home, rent one, or rent an apartment?
Good time to buy a (first) house?
Life insurance or college savings for a 14 year old?
Starting college soon. Never worked with a bank / held a job / opened a line of credit or anything. Where do I start?
What's the best way to invest £1000? (UK)
Hi guys. Is there any alternative to Mint.com for those outside of the U.S? (New Zealand)
First time setting up my small company's 401k...balancing costs while reducing liability...advice?
Use a 529 Plan to save for own MBA? Where to start?
When does it make financial sense to keep two health insurance plans?
I built a debt payoff calculator. I’m looking for ways to make it better. What features would you like to have in this thing?
Should I refi my auto loan?
What is the best Credit Card to get when you have a poor credit history?
What is the advantage of a 401k being tax deferred?
Where do I start?
Should i refinance federal student loans to private loans with a lower interest rate?
First time home buyer - what should my main concerns be?
am i on the right track?
I'm 17 and I have $1000 in my savings account. What can I do with it to profit?
Does paying off my credit card before I even receive the bill help my credit rating (CA)?
I started to build my credit last October, can't build it anymore without a higher credit limit. Can my bank actually give me one?
How often is unsubsidized loan interest updated? (NOT capitalized)
How do I rehabilitate multiple defaulted fed. student loans if i dealing with 2 different collection agencies?
Is this pension plan worth it?
Am I looking for a Unicorn (Biweekly Mortgage)?
Should I take my bonus in the form of (a) cash and pay down CC debt or (b) in the form of equity in my company?
21/F in toronto, living with my parents who are soon to be divorced after 40 years, starting my fourth year in university, no job and 30k in tuition debt...what do i do?
I am a third year college student. I have money sitting in the bank, not growing. What are some low risk investments that I can make? Any advice will be appreciated.
How much of my retirement account is my company really offering to match?
Apply for credit? Small Loan? Do Nothing? Looking for some advice.
Balance Transfer or get a Debit Card &amp; Pay Debt?
International Networkers Team ¿Quienes Somos?
Comcast ran my credit without permission, what can I do about it?
Should I get money taken out of my paycheck or not for taxes?
Is CD a good option to make more money without risk of losing any?
Should I pay credit card debt that's over 3 years past due?
First time setting up my small company's 401k...balancing costs while reducing liability...advice?
Should I pay off my mortgage now or let it ride?
Credit score differs from the report the bank ordered?
Thinking about applying for a store CC, but am afraid I'll just get the plain store card, rather than the one with an actual CC logo. Anyway to improve my chances of getting the real CC?
Is taking out a larger car loan worth the extra liquid investment potential?
18 y/o with a custodial brokerage account in my father's name. What (if anything) should I do?
Pay off credit debt or all towards down payment in mortgage?
Why Trade the Forex Market for a good Forex Investment?
Parents immigrating from Ukraine. What can I do to avoid financial ruin?
What are the financial implications of adding an authorized user on to your credit card?
How do I best plan for my daughters' futures? ELI5
How can I live like this?
Can you please analyze my car insurance?
Single male 22, fresh out of college with starting pay of 70k; what should I do?
Taking profits on stocks... any way to lower tax hit?
Am I being scammed?
Advantages and Disadvantages of having multiple credit cards?
Getting old paid debt off credit report/ how do I handle recent small debt?
Vehicle upgrade?
If I take a 401 withdrawal, will I have to pay taxes it at the end of the year?
How do you avoid spending money while in a relationship?
Good budget app?
Worth taking a loan to pay off my credit cards?
I've had a secured credit card for a couple of years now, and want to do more for my credit. Should I ask for a higher credit limit or an unsecured card?
Open Quicksilver Cash Back, get reward, close card?
Lending Club loan?
No 401k at job. Ineligible for a Roth IRA. Now what?
$160/month to pay down my 3 credit cards,how do I do it most efficiently?
Are Roth IRA withdrawals within the same year as contributions tax free?
What should my nexts move be with regards to my personal finance?
22yo m, horrible at saving money. Tips?
Should I ask my SO for my money back?
How do you go about starting a ROTH IRA?
20 year old getting first loan, is it my only option?
Why do Americans use credit cards as opposed to using debit cards?
Newlywed here - how do you and your significant other set up your accounts? All jointly? Each their own? Combo of both?
What are some basic "assumptions" or inputs I can make when trying to model out being Financially Independent? X-Post from /R/FinancialIndependence
Employee stock purchase plan with 15 month holding period. Would you?
PF, let's talk cars. What do you drive, and how do you like it? Any advice for a frugal 19 y/o college student who is in need of a vehicle?
Tips for a freelancer with serious risk aversion?
Should I use the cash in my savings to pay down a large portion of my debt?
Why should you first contribute to Roth IRA before Traditional 401k (non-employer matched)?
Funding a gap year in 2015?
What is the opinion of cfd's? It seems creating a portfolio while interest rates are low could provide excess returns. Does pf take this as acceptable?
I make $16,000 a year and I have to pay a flat 15% tax because I'm a 1099 employee-- Is there a way around this??
Paid a CA online, too late for pay for delete?
Pay off debt or invest (help with math?)
Large chunk of change..Student loans or invest?
What is a polite way to tell one of my best friends that I'm bailing on our plans to get an apartment together, due to his poor finances?
Do I HAVE to give my home address to a credit collector? Or can I give them my PO box?
Interning at a large company for 3 months. Making 10-15k, but losing 35% of it to tax somehow. Any way to lose less money to taxes?
How should I handle multiple potential job offers?
What makes more sense, loan or out of pocket payment?
Does a 15yr loan have less taxes/insurance than a 30?
28;just started Roth IRA. Recommendation on how to invest/funds to look at?
Inherited 401k - Payoff Student Loans?
33-house paid off, no debt. Can I "afford" to spend this much on a car?
I'm inexperienced and have heard lots of varying opinions on this. If I have student loans, I can't purchase a house? Or justcant receive a loan for a house?
Discover personal loans or credit union loans?
Would you quit a job you loved, making $65K a year, for a job you may not enjoy as much, but will make 100K+ a year?
Tell me about USDA rural development loans: Are they better than FHA loans?
Are you a student in debt? [survey+ idea]
Experts (ahem) of personal finance, how am I doing?
Expected Utilities in Single Tenant Apt.?
How can I make myself stop spending?
Any concerns or issues moving large amounts to Ally account?
Can I ask my current auto-loan finance company to refinance?
Avoid capital gains?
Travel CC for someone who doesn't make/spend a lot???
PF New teacher looking to make more money by starting LLC's for someone who is willing to pay me 1,000 a week. What are the risks?
Should I pay off my car early?
Odd credit report questions... possible identity theft?
I work above my pay grade, how do I request for a salary adjustment or raise? More details inside (US)
How should I park $7,000 for six months?
Dad was laid off today, can anyone help me understand some of the repercussions?
High-Yield saving account...report on taxes?
How should I save for the future?
Am I calculating the penalty and taxes correctly on an early withdrawal/distribution from a SEP-IRA?
Independent Contractor? Need help with retirement/taxes (CA).
Ally HY Savings vs. No-Penalty CD?
Ally No-Penalty CD versus HY Savings?
How to reduce my tax refund? % of income I should invest? 25% tax bracket, single, individual from Tennessee.
How often should I use my debit/vs credit card?
Buy a home or wait?
Is there a Personal Finance subreddit for low income earners?
Should I sign up for a CapitalOne VentureOne credit card and use it for all my purchases? (US)
Buy a home or wait? [Cat's picture as bonus]
What motivates you to saving money?
If I remodel my house into a two family dwelling and put tenants on leases, can I count the income towards a second mortgage?
May possibly be increasing my monthly pay by 5x, how do I budget and move out from parents?
Which one of these funds would you recommend I invest in for my 401k?
2 State Tax: Should I move?
Roth IRA or pension?
20 y.o. Student trying to get his act together. What to do?
I'm selling a classic car for around 80k. What's the best way to handle the transaction?
W-2 from employer or wage estimation?
New employer has profit sharing in lue of 401k employer match. What does this mean?
If I am being refunded back on a "lost" credit card, will my bank account still get the funds?
lump sum investing?
Might be the wrong place, but what can I expect if I attempt to get a personal loan? (Australian)
Should I refinance my student loans?
How to cover cost of attendance at a school that doesn't participate in any kind of student loans?
I have $920,000 saved up. Should I buy an apartment outright, or use it as a 40-60% down on a house in the $2 million range?
What are my options for a major credit card?
Better than a Bank?
What can I, an international student, do to create credit history in the US?
Should my girlfriend use her emergency fund to pay off her 17% car loan?
Is that store card good for me?
Is it worthwhile using a broker?
How do people afford $300,000+ houses?
Am I saving enough for retirement?
Anything I need to know before doing a full repayment of my $10K student loan with ACS?
$50000, Investing smart(ish?)
Temporarily working 2 full time jobs: 401k an issue?
Is there a website listing travel destinations with currently cheap exchange rates?
What's an advantage for tax purposes of opening an LLC?
how do people do it?
High income, max 401k, Roth IRA, can I do a SEP IRA too?
ROTH within 401k vs ROTH IRA?
Can royalties be put in trust funds?
An alternative to Mint?
If I’m employed at a job without a retirement plan, can I set up a SIMPLE IRA or 401(k) for myself to deduct more than the $5,500 the traditional IRA allows?
I'm a contractor for a company, they will hire me full time within 2 monthes if they like me, how should I approach the salary question?
Problems using mint and getting locked out of accounts?
Should I become an Independent Contractor or Casual Employee?
Claiming software as a tax deduction?
Keep savings in a High Yield Savings Account or Vanguard Money Market Account?
I'm happy to say I'm on Step 3 of "I have $X, what should I do with it?" These are my loans I am currently paying off. Advice?
Selling Stock prior to purchasing a house: Will this impact my ability to qualify for a mortgage?
As a college student never taught how to budget, how much should I be spending monthly?
What can I do about lower APR on a small used vehicle loan?
Federal government employees- how do you count your FERS contribution as money saved for retirement?
People who make over 50k/year, where does your money go?
Is opening a HELOC worth it?
Suggestion for a Second Job?
Bad idea to apply for a new credit card?
For those of you who were already investment-minded when you bought a house, how did all of the costs of owning a home impact you and your investing?
Should I pay off my loan?
Hey all-I recently be can an independent contractor and just had my first meeting with an accountant. What are some resources for a newbie contractor?
Questions about filing past/future tax returns...will I come out ahead?
My instinct is to throw everything at Student Loan payments. Am I wrong?
Anyone have experience with a non-traditional construction loan?
Friend got into a financial advising company, wants me to invest with them. Advice?
Any help?OSAP (student loan) recorded a late payment even though I am in school. (Canada)
19 y/o with my first job (minimum wage) - What are the first things I should do to be in control of my finances?
What should I do with a variable annuity my parents bought for me as a kid?
Student loan question. Any tips to help me get debt free?
Moving accounts?
Can a bank force you to close all of your credit accounts to get a HELOC?
401k vs Savings rule of thumb?
Mortgage owner keeps changing, is there anything I can do to stop it?
If I opened an IRA with Fidelity, would it matter if I open a Schwab account to buy their index funds?
I will be suing a big business in small claims court ,how can I protect myself?
Best Investment Opportunities For My Situation?
Drowning under my car, how can I get out from under it?
Soon to be homeless, how to prepare?
Sell My Condo or Rent It Out?
Nanny gig taxes?
Critique My Savings Plan? (I've read the FAQ)
Can I use stock from my private company as collateral on a loan?
Can I get tax write-offs for paying my parent's rent?
Should I get a credit card that I pay off? If so, which one? 21 year old college student. Credit score: 704
My credit has been checked over 15 times this year by companies I don't do business with. What's going on?
How fast should I pay off my student loan? (80k)
Wife is going to be a stay at home mom. She was a teacher; can I pull her money out of Texas' trs and put it into a Roth? Should I?
Entered month-to-month lease with verbal understanding of 2+ year tenancy. Given notice to vacate 3 weeks later, because owner changed mind and wants to move back. Any options?
What to do with a 401k with less than $1,000 in it?
My employer is paying me under minimum wage?
Car blew up, horrible financial situation. How to proceed...focus on school or repaying loans?
Long Term Care Insurance for Indigent Parents?
Pay off student loans or invest?
Is there any benefit to paying more than you monthly payment on student loans?
What financial hurdles do I attack first as a student just out of college?
Can you think of any reason to pay off my auto loan other than the psychological effect of not having it?
18 year old just starting out? (CA)
Just curious whats my best option, deplete my savings or take out unsubsidized loans? Also, keep 401K or roll into an IRA?
Hey Reddit, can you help a 16 y/o out?
Is there a good way to switch my taxable mutual funds to Vanguard?
should i do this?
Mortgage at 8.13% - Lump Sum or Investment?
How would I go about getting a student loan to study abroad? (UK)
If your return on investment is less than inflation, are you losing money?
As a high schooler, how should I budget my paycheck?
Is ally .87% apy savings account a good idea?
How can I help friends who are not successful after graduating?
Should I just make the minimum monthly payments on my student loan as long as I qualify for the PSLF program?
Is a Roth IRA the correct choice for me? From doing research a traditional IRA looks better...
What's the more efficient way to invest in precious metals? Plus an emergency fund/IRA priority question
Is my plan reasonable?
Long Term and my future, not sure where to start?
How can I get a credit card? (college student)
Should I increase my monthl loan payment?
Plan for getting out of debt. Some advice?
[Scotland/UK] Accidentally overpaid a month's rent to letting agency. They're not responding to my emails. What should I do?
Graduated this spring and am currently in France to continue my education. Suggestions for how to make small payments toward loans to keep interest down?
How to get out of the poverty cycle?
How to get people to donate to my fundraising campaign online?
Am I thinking about this the right way? [Norway, but fairly general]
Can owner/land lord of real estate rental property end a lease with a renter (Ontario and Canada)?
I can afford to pay off my mortgage in its entirety. Can someone explain to me why this would be a good/bad idea?
(UK) I have no money, no job and I am a student, what options do I have in the short term?
Is my plan an acceptable plan to deal with 80K of Student Loan Debt? I'm looking for budget advice.
Low income now, high income later. Should I convert my TSP balance to a Roth?
I'm 16, what can I do to prepare for my future?
Going to college, opened my first bank account. Any common mistakes I should be aware of?
How to plan for married retirement?
55 year old mom - what's the best way for her to save for retirement?
Use cc with 0% APR 1st year instead of loans for living expenses?
Will a company credit card affect my credit score?
How do I prepare for buying a home?
Considering consolidating credit/balance transfer to simplify finances, is this a wise choice?
New job, extra income; how to maximize?
Leaving current job - should I roll my 401k over to a Roth IRA or traditional?
Public Service Loan Forgiveness - what will I need to be grandfathered in?
Is there a way to figure out how much money will be taken out of my paycheck?
Men of PF, How Big of a Liability Would Marrying Me Be?
My sister was refused a student bank account and any banking options (she wasnt allowed to cash her BoA paycheck after being told she cannot open an account) by bank of america because of her age. What are her banking options?
What's happening to my credit score?
Should I buy a condo (save for a down payment and then buy) or keep renting?
How long do you keep old records for? Closed accounts, payslips from decades ago.
What are my loan options?
Should I quit my second job?
Seem to just be treading water after my roommates moved out, should I throttle back my retirement contributions?
Trying to Build Credit with CC - Best time to pay?
Parents are in debt about $15,000? Anyway I can help?
(UK) Best way to invest fair amount of money for 12-18 months?
How do you people get such awesome car insurance rates?!?
Is there a way to opt out of having federal income taxes withheld?
Need to move out in 5 months, what is my best option buy/rent?
Can anybody help me figure out what I'm doing wrong?
I just started working for a company that sells credit repair services. They want employees to use this service for "free". It's scheduled to deduct funds from account monthly until cancellation. Is this a good idea to sign up in case I get fired or quit? I'm afraid of being charged retroactively.
Starting new job mid-year, 401K - Roth or regular? Please help.
Will my credit score improve after my old accounts reporting time has expired?
Is asset allocation (80% stock/20% bonds) based on number of shares or cost of shares?
Single/independent folks, what percentage of your income goes into savings?
I'm 19, have about $500 in my bank, how can I start making passive income?
[US] Ways to get a decent loan without a cosigner?
I made a flowchart for financial priorities. What should I change?
A financial "blank slate" starting a well paying job - general tips?
Keep maxing 401K or invest some into a separate account which has lower expense ratios?
How important is two-factor authentication for your finances?
Investment as a student in the UK? (UK)
6.8% student loans - pay off or invest the money?
As a college student, how do I afford housing?
Applying for my first student card, unsure about how to answer some application questions?
Should I open a joint bank account with my girlfriend?
Commuting + no rent -or- live in the city?
How do you decide what's a CRISIS?
I'm entering my senior year of high school. What should I doing to prepare for college?
Should I sell my car or donate for tax deductions?
Refinance to Home Equity Installment Loan?
How do I fix a very bad credit rating?
Student in London. Currently have £6000 of disposable income, how should I invest this? (UK)
Is going to a nice, yet expensive, university going to be worth it?
Difference in credit score: Paying off your balance before versus after receiving your statement?
Need Advice: I'm a retired individual. Do I have enough liquid assets that I can live off the interest? If so how?
Do I pay charged off accounts or not ?
What are my options when it comes to student loans?
Is it more prudent to go through college without a job to focus on school; and then graduate with 10k student loans. Or work throughout college and graduate with no debt?
Buying a house - put more down on house or pay less and pay off credit cards?
Two Months sans Paycheck: Liquidity or Debt?
Just got my first job, now what?
Self employed, 23, ~65k. Where to go from here?
How much should I ideally have in my savings before I graduate from college in order to have an easy transition in to the real world?
Just had a kid, best way to save for college?
$40k/year, $5k saved, no debt. Is financing a car a good idea?
Can my soon to be ex wife touch my IRA?
Here's where I'm at and my plan of action. How does it sound?
How to proceed with further college options?
Received inheritance money (~8k) and made a fafsa mistake what should i do?
Draining savings account to pay off loan?
Paying high-interest loan off with 0%APR credit card?
I want to buy a house even though I have student loan debt?
Is my credit in jeopardy?
how should I pay for a new truck?
Moving to US in the future, any good way to start building credit now?
I'm looking to rent an apartment but I'm no sure about my credit score. Is there a way to really check my credit score for free? Also I had a couple of things go into collections at some point, is it possible to see what they are, contact those people and pay them in a few days?
What to do with RSU's?
should i pay off this credit balance before it's due?
Best Tactics for Aggressive Savings?
Does a CC dispute negatively affect credit score?
Extra Principal payments or Roth?
Moving: Should I buy car here or new state?
Is it worth getting a new travel rewards credit card for anticipated travel expenses of around $3000 in the next year?
I forgot to contribute to my Roth in 2013; can I play catch-up this year?
Hey Reddit, I've seen you do some awesome things. Can you figure out how to save my family?
How to properly consolidate my debt?
What should I do within interest free loan to maximize its impact?
[23] Looking to move out of my parent's, should I rent an apartment or buy a house?
Should I start investing? (18 years old)
Is it possible to move a 401b to an IRA?
Does anyone know of any podcasts or audio clips about finance and portfolios that I can download and listen to on the road?
Townhome vs Condo vs Semi-Detached in Canada?
22, no debt, live at home, what to do?
What to invest in?
Why is everyone obsessed with credit and taking out loans? Should i also be?
Moving into student apartments, what are some things to check for before moving in, so I don't get charged for repair costs?
Owe $280,000 in student loans at 32. Should we approach differently than if we were 21?
Found sweet tool to help visualize/plan debt payoff - also when do I start saving extra for retirement?
Looking to trade in my car to a mini-van. What should I worry about finance wise?
Does anyone here run an AirBnB? I've got some questions.
Has anyone here consistently beaten the market?
To the financial advisors of Reddit: where would you recommend college students with stable incomes and monetary surplus invest their earnings?
(California) What to do with $200,000-$300,000 USD?
New to the workforce, how is my plan?
Filing Separately to Maximize Student Loan Forgiveness Savings: Crazy, or crazy like a fox?
I lost many important financial documents at an airport. What do I need to do to protect myself from identity theft?
Financial advice for a couple in our early twenties? 52k in student loan debt, low income.
I have $20. What book would you recommend for beginners?
I received a payout from a 401k account. No Idea why. Will I face penalties?
Which job is better for long term financial goals?
I have ...$ what should I do with it? Help and Clarification
Buying ex out of co-owned car but still owe money on the title. Loan is in my name but I have no use for a second auto. Can I sell the car still owing money, with out negatively affecting my credit?
Hello personalfinance, i am studying abroad in Germany, best way to move money?
I'm interest in investing in solar energy, but I have never invested before. Where do I start? (CA)
Are we doing enough to retire at 62?
Can someone break down the financial process for getting an apartment? thank you
I have 60k in credit, with only 1,800 debt. Is this credit-to-debt ratio good or bad for my FICO score?
I have 60k in credit, with only $1,800 in debt. Is this credit-to-debt ratio good or bad for my FICO score?
Recently changed jobs, want to set up a traditional IRA, what is my maximum? (US)
I want to give my dad $10k for Xmas, what can/should I do?
I made a year-long financial tracking spreadsheet, how did I do?
Is $28,000 in loans worth it for a four year degree in entrepreneurship?
Any advice on juggling expenses, future engagement, and saving for retirement?
"I am 18, what should I invest in?" Yourself!
Got a 1099-MISC from a former employer for something I sold them. Is this correct?
How should I distribute my balance transfers?
If I am eligible for Subsidized Loans at a Community College will I be eligible for Subsidized Loans from a university in the same state?
Is my financial plan sound or insanity? (House, credit cards, and student loans)
Is Whole Foods Market Stock Underpriced??
Credit Score on Mint--worth it?
I'm not sure if I am a bad roommate, thoughts?
Graduated. No Debt. Been working for a year. What do I do now?
IamA 16 y/o who wants to open a checking account. What do I need?
Am I missing out on much if I sell $5k worth of stocks in lieu of taking on more student debt?
Should I pay off my credit card immediately, or wait for the billing statement?
GI Bill...is it worth it?
Best Android app for finances?
How do you choose a rewards credit card?
Wise to purchase a new car?
Should I invest?
Want to get a cheap loan? And earn decent money?
Rolling SRB (Selective Reenlistment Bonus) into TSP?!
Should I bother ordering business magazines?
I think some info on my credit report may be inaccurate. Can anyone suggest a company to use to look at all 3 agencies and help me fix my credit score? How long should I use/subscribe to such a service? Will it affect my credit score?
UK question. Benefits of getting a credit card?
First time buying real estate in Canada - tips?
open a store credit line just for the perks?
Best cheap internet/cell phone provider?
Career Crossroads: Go back to school, or take another long-distance job?
What should I read or watch in order to understand Central Bank interventions better?
Best option for around a 15k loan?
[UK] Leaving to live abroad for 5+ years. What is the best way to stop my credit score tanking in the UK while I'm away?
Should I buy a car?
Can I cash my 401(k) rollover check instead of sending it to my new plan?
Just married and looking to maximize 401k/Roth. Who do I talk to?
Buy or Lease a car?
Income between 185k - 200K for the family this year. How do I handle our IRAs? What am I eligible for? Back door IRA?
Fee only financial planner or a firm like Edward Jones? Hoping to get pros and cons on both
Pigeonholed into real estate. Is this good or bad?
Hello, r/personalfinance! My roommate and I are going to host a foreign exchange student - what to do with the monthly stipend...?
I'm hearing lot's about compound interest lately. I'm 18 and want to know if that is something I should be using in order to start saving for later in life? Any tips?
Starting a Business - Business Loan or Home Equity Loan?
ARMs instead of bonds?
Should I switch from Bank of America to a credit union?
Should I cash in this Variable Appreciable Life Insurance policy to pay off student loan?
Moving in with a partner - joint debit account for household expenses?
First Credit Card; When should I pay my balance for optimal credit?
Should I deposit $125k into a Capital One ShareBuilder account?
I just received my credit score and it is bad (low 600s). How do I improve it and how long does it take to get to a good number?
Recently Married - Should I Pay Down Student Loans or Retain My Investments?
Nearing 30, wondering how I am doing?
Should I pay off student loans before they start accruing interest and deplete most of my savings?
Can someone help me understand how renting is not throwing away money?
[real estate] What would you do?
Lifelong renters. Can we even realistically consider buying?
Open a Roth or Traditional IRA or Wait a Few Months for Employer's 401(k)?
Both Roth IRA and Roth 401k?
I'm 18 and I know I'll eventually need a credit score - should I get a credit card now?
What should I take into account when leasing a car?
Investment Strategies Different for Non-Profits?
How much home can I afford? (x-post r/frugal)
Should I cancel Cable?
Should I Have Co-Signed That Lease?
Effect of age of student loan on credit history? Currently making payments.
Gerber Grow Up Plan, what are your thoughts?
Hows my 401k allocation look?
Applying for Refinance on Auto Loan - Will This Hurt My Credit if I get Denied?
I have awful credit but need a new car. Will I get approved with a co-signer?
Help me? If you want
Should I put my Roth IRA in a variable annuity?
Pay off the closed CC with the lower balance or the open one with the larger balance?
Takeover my dad's mortgage and ownership of his house???
Negotiating a new job offer... How do I compare health benefits? (and other things)
Are there any tax repercussions if my parents sign my car over to me?
What would happen if one day my Dad just left with his retirement funds?
Looking to Open a Joint Account. Any Suggestions?
Spending Habits: Am I doomed for life?
19 y/o, got my first REAL job. How much % should I put into savings each paycheck?
Would it be worth it to refinance car loan? Credit score 664
My aunt wants me to be her beneficiary on her checking account. The banks needs my SSN. Is this safe?
I'm 24, debt free, with some money in the bank. What now?
[Update] I made a flowchart for financial priorities. What should I change?
Have I destined myself to forever have bad credit and be paying on student loans?
I'm a recent college grad with about $7k in credit card debt and no student loans, but only have a part time job. How do I go about this?
What resources would you recommend for someone looking to buy their first house?
I can survive on low expenses if I lost my job, is the 3-6 months guide in my Emergency Fund practical if it ends up small?
37 Year old in Variable Annuity... what to do??
630 Credit Score, hoping for 700 by April 2016. Doable? (CA)
Pay off student loans now or wait and invest?
Responsible credit card user, but wanting to open an amazon credit card to simply get $30 off my bill.... Responsible or bad decision?
About to be first time parent, personal loan?
Trying to figure out if PenFed offers surcharge free / fee free ATMs in the NYC area. Does anyone know?
Ditch the Whole Life Policy?
PF, what is your allocation between large, mid and small caps in your stock index funds?
Car and student loan consolidation?
Loan repayment-- should I do it ?
How do I effectively deal with an ER bill?
Roth/Traditional 457 or 15% off TSLA?
9k in debt, but can only pay minimums, what to do?
Is transferring credit card debt a good idea?
Should I take out a loan to consolidate my debt?
Need help, should I get paid under the table at second job to reduce debt?
HSA Fees and Investing on a small balance - does my math work out?
Best bank for HSA account?
Fiance wants her name added to title of her parents' house. What are the cons, in detail?
What line would make you buy a warranty on a TV/electronic device?
What is your opinion on savings bonds?
Maximum 401k and Roth IRA contributions at 22 y.o. What else should I do?
Where should I prioritize my investments? 457 or 529?
My mother ruined my family's financial situation. How can I avoid my future being ruined by any future things she might do?
How can I create a source of passive income for myself? (AU)
Young with a low income. how do i spend my money smartly ?
Need some help regarding...a living trust? Maybe something else?
Need some help with...a living trust? Maybe something else?
Bank recommended to contribute only what my employer will match with 401k. Thoughts?
Should I wait to buy my first car?
Planning on buying a home, best options for current savings?
UK: 33 and now thinking about Pensions, is it too late?
Loan Refinance question. Any downsides?
Is supplemental disability insurance a good idea?
Can I afford this condo?
Got a medical bill from 1 year ago and I have a different insurance now. What can I do?
Should I try to pay off the full amount of my student loans or is keeping some balance not too bad?
Filling Out New W4?
I'm 20 and looking to 'build my credit'. Should I get a credit card, and which one?
Advantages of rolling over 401K to a new fund?
Non-degree seeking student: Where to get school loans?
Almost through "Rich Dad, Poor Dad", any tips on what to read next?
Withholding rent a good idea?
Obtained vehicle car loan for my girlfriend, who is now my ex.. What are my options?
I have zero savings, zero assets, zero money period. Need help figuring out how much I should start saving, where I should start saving it, and how much I should be putting to debt. Stressing about paying back a zero interest loan, am I being crazy?
Seeking Advice: How much should I invest in a 403b retirement account?
How can this stock can pay out 15% annually in dividends??? A (CA) and (USA)
If you didn't need to make money, would you still feel the need to?
Sudden Cash - Savings or pay off Car early?
Should I close my only credit card?
Basics of first time home buying?
Why do people avoid talking about the cost of large ticket items?
Home Improvement, use stock or home equity loan?
I've just started 1099 employment. How much should I be putting away for taxes and what items can I deduct?
Additional ATM Fees a few days after? Is this a concern?
Save for a house while attending school?
I am not sure if y'all have seen this before. "How much will it cost to raise your child?"
I'm not good with personal finance. Advice?
What do do!? 83K in cash saved, 40K in direct company stock owned, and 15% of my 200K 401K in the company.
Company changed 401k, what does this mean?
My parked car was totaled by a drunk driver. I received a settlement offer of $7250. Opinions?
Anyone recommend Credit Unions?
Disputing Public Record off Credit Report?
Is identity theft insurance worth the cost?
Why should I not be investing in a date-specific retirement fund?
Am I understanding this right?
Should I get my own place?
How much life insurance do I REALLY need?
Am I making the right choice by cashing these bonds?
Last class needed for graduate degree, part time student - payment options?
Is taking out a loan reasonable for me?
IBR/10-year Loan Forgiveness or Marriage Tax benefits?
Getting married and we have accounts everywhere. Help?
What should I do with my mattress cash?
No cost to you insurance provided by a bank or credit union?
Is it better take a $3 million dollar lump sum, or $185k a year for the next 30 years?
What are the best companies to look into when you are looking for a secured credit card?
Should I consolidate my 8 FFEL student loans to receive a 5.3% interest rate? (Screenshot of individual loans balance and interest rate inside)
Just received stock...now what?
Timeshares. Good or evil?
Empty my 401k or take loans for tuition?
Do credit report pull from the balance or last statement?
Recommend any credit cards to do a credit transfer to?
24, bought a home out of state, no education, and unemployed. Now what?
Here are my student loan "hacks"...are there any I'm missing?
If I am gathering money for a large purchase in the future, am I better off putting it in my savings or checkings?
Air airline reward programs really worth it?
Can you pay off someone's mortgage without them knowing who did it?
Need to rebuild credit?
car title loan, good idea for junk cars?
Best way to turn airline miles into cash? I'm a young consultant trying to get out of student loan debt...
ELI5: How do Employee Stock Purchase Plans work? (CA, x-posted)
How much will an income generating multi-family home affect our debt-to-income?
[Income Tax] How can I setup a home office in an one bedroom apartment?
Best joint savings account i can open to save for a house with my fiance?
What are some good personal finance rules for a college student?
Starting first job next year (au$93,000), best way to proceed?
0% interest card. Get credit limit of spending value or double it?
APR of 4.496% - Good or bad?
About to start paying off $30,000 in student loans. How to take advantage of the spending?
Is having a single financial advisory safe or should I diversify?
Any drawbacks to paying off student loans at once before grace period end?
I owe $330 to a hospital, to be paid by 8/23. Is there anything I can do to cheapen this for myself?
Is it bad if i live far away from my bank?
Is having a single financial adviser safe or should I diversify?
What am I doing wrong? Rate function not working when calculating interest rate on loans.
Veterans, do you prefer USAA or Vanguard, etc. for your IRAs?
What is the best way to accept money via a credit card when you're not a business?
Finance a new car or buy a used one for &lt;$5k?
[Question] How do I get to like saving money and not spending everything I have?
Under my circumstances, can I get a pay day loan without getting ruined?
I have $25,000 to buy a new car (which is needed, no PT available), but I also have $20,000 in credit card debt. Is it smarter to split it or just pay the car off in full? Would appreciate some advice.
Would using something like the Lending Club or getting a low interest loan from my bank be a good idea to pay off my higher interest debt?
Will using a newly opened credit card to make big purchase affect my credit?
Social Security Tax Deducted from Pay Stub for first time. Why?
wife got an insurance payout for some cosmetic damage to her car. The car is riddled with other problems and we're eventually planning to replace it. Should we use the money to repair it, or just deal with a slightly uglier vehicle and save for down payment on something new?
At what interest rate do you invest extra dollars elsewhere, rather than pay down debt?
Vanguard Flagship service?
30-day late removal, how long does it take?
How did you save up to buy a house when there's bills and debts and crap in the way? Starting from $0.
Pay 4K to Save 2K?
Just payed off a ~$900 doctor bill while at the office. Friend said i'm a sucker. Is he right?
Last Thursday I was charged $40 from Google for something I didn't purchase. Monday they deposited $400 into my account. What do I do?
Can I consolidate all of my student loans?
For those of you who have dug yourselves (or are still digging) out of a large financial pit - what was the rock-bottom for you that got you to work to turn things around?
Empty 401K or let it be ?
Why is a house considered an investment? From a numbers perspective, you are taking out a loan at 3-4% (after tax-deductions) to get a single asset that will likely appreciate at around the same rate of 3-4%.
I went to write a check for rent today and found I had 100$ online transfer from a "DDA Credit". What is that?
Asking for a raise: How do I make my best case?
Renters Insurance required for a college student?
An unexpected bonus will put me into the "reduced" contribution zone for 2014 Roth IRA contributions, and I've already contributed the max for 2014. What can I do?
Job While in College?
Home Purchase: boyfriend and I both want to take advantage of our area's down payment incentive. Who should buy?/Creative ways to be fair about it?
Pay off a car loan to lower total monthly payments?
Would you commute 34 miles along the m25 from London to Surrey for 18k per year? (UK)
Schwab Investor Checking or Credit Union checking account?
What is the best way to go about taking out student loans?
Payroll screwed up, now I'm being taxed at a much higher rate because of their mistake. How do I approach this?
What's the best credit card for someone who doesn't plan on using it much/at all?
Possible stolen identity... advice please?
I work in CA but my residency is still in OR...am I getting double taxed?
How much tax returns should I expect next year given my situation?
I've had an Amex card for ~ two years now. Should I change it out for a new card so that I can take advantage of"promo offers". What are things I should be aware of when doing this?
What should I be doing with my inheritance?
Hey /r/personalfinance, in a couple of years I'll be on my own and handling my own money. What are some tips I can use to get started and prepared for the future?
How can I get rid of a collection note on my credit?
Disagree with a $9400 bill. How do I dispute it without it going to collections? (xpost from Legal Advice)
Should I start investing now?
If I am eligible for Subsidized Loans at a Community College will I be eligible for Subsidized Loans from a university in the same state?
20 yr old with 24k+ saved up, no debt, looking to move out and go back to college I originally transferred out of. Financially feasible?
$20k, grad school in a couple years, how to invest short-term?
Checking and savings accounts?
$1000 in Emergency Fund, $1000 in Credit Card Debt - What to Do?
Should I consolidate my CC Debt?
What does the US switch to EMV cards mean for me, the consumer?
Do I really need to wait 15 days after the supposed delivery date in order to dispute with BankofAmerica Visa ?
Getting out of a car lease?
Personal Finance, what common advice from the comments or sidebar do you DISAGREE with? Why do you disagree?
Denied a secure credit card with my bank, now what?
Im about to start school and my boss just told me he can't pay me to come in for awhile. I live on my own what do I do?
How hard is it to get approved for a retail credit card?
How much money should one have in a savings account?
Why does a credit card that I am not responsible for show up on my credit report?
Sell house to buy a smaller one, or keep house, rent it, and use proceeds to make payments on smaller one?
How to pay for remainder of tuition?
Student loan company majorly screwed credit score...where to go from here?
(Maybe) moving from Canada to SFO, US - what do I need to know?
New boss wont pay me -- what steps should I take?
What's the deal with "all cash" offers for housing?
Should I take this extra part-time job?
If I have no debt and do not plan on getting into debt - what does my credit score matter for?
809 credit score, offered cookie cutter mortgage rate. Fair?
Buying a house...not enough for 20% down. What do PF?
What if my bank only reports to one credit reporting agency?
Just got a new job, how much can I realistically spend on rent for an apartment?
Can someone please help me with a 1099-c question?
My fee only financial planner fired me, so now what do I do?
Financial advice about attending an out of state Physician Assistant school?
Fed. debt collector said if I dont send any proof of my self-employed income, my rehabilitation request may be denied. Is this true?
Identity stolen, SSN compromised. Credit Report shows nothing. What do I do now?
Is Total Number of Accounts More Important Than Average Account Age When Calculating Your Credit Score?
When is the right time to start looking into a house?
Any advice for a young male on SSI disability?
Retirement plan options: Defined benefit or defined contribution?
Auto Equity Loan a Good Idea?
Does anyone have experience with stock appreciation rights as hiring bonus?
How much of an apartment can I afford?
How likely am I to get a loan on my own?
Credit Card less known facts?
Is there a way I can see exactly how much I have paid into social security?
I'm suddenly making more money. Should I pump extra money into my 457 b?
Planning for the future (what would you do?)
Rolling Over a Simple IRA - Can I still keep the old account open?
Should I open a new credit card with higher cash back?
Pay off remaining student loans, or keep large emergency fund? Other questions..
How do you determine monthly take home pay? Bi-Weekly Paycheck x2, or Bi-Weekly Paycheck divided 14 times 30.5 (avg days in a month?)
Dad opened credit card and charged 4k w/ my SS# ... Now what?
Tips on rebuilding bad credit?
Help budgeting for the month?
Систематический заработок или рулетка?
Does it make sense to keep any equity in a house with interest rates as low as they are?
Any experience getting a Capital One annual fee waived?
I am 18 and lost all of my federal financial aid for my first year of college. What do I do??
Student loan vs. IRA Withdrawal?
how to pay my own wage for two years from savings?
My parents are giving me a house. What are the tax implications of this?
Which banks is the best? I currently have Wells Fargo but am willing to switch if there's a better company out there. I live in phoenix Arizona.
Collections re-opens credit card debt, What to do?
Should I get rid of my car? I spend 15% of my take-home pay on it.
401k help. Does it matter if I have 1 large fund or 2 smaller ones?
Can you retire early by putting all my college tuition into savings (not going to college) and getting an above minimum wage job?
What's the best budgeting strategy you use and recommend?
First time home-buyer here: What are the pros/cons of getting a mortgage from a big bank vs. a small town mortgage brokerage?
Unique student loan situation: Received $22k to use on loans. Current debt of $23k. Best repayment plan?
First time car buyer: Take out a loan and buy used, or buy a cheap clunker?
How do credit card "statement credits" work?
How do lost/stolen credit cards effect your credit score?
Looking to open our first joint account. What's the best bank?
How secure is the website Mint.com?
Buying a car: new, used, lease?
401k matching plan, is this normal?
How should I be paying my bills?
Move IRA into a Fixed Annuity @ Age 30?
Would you happily work less, make less, and spend less, if you could?
How would you pay off a debt of 3.5k on this budget? All at once? or little by little?
Chase sucks. Looking for a new bank with good interest and lots of online features. Suggestions?
Paying off a mortgage: Save a lump sum to pay off or pay more every month?
Should i take a job in management consulting and give up my pension and chill job?
Is there any reason not to get a new credit card right after opening another?
Paid Off a Loan in 2012 - Shows Open Account on Credit Report?
Just switched jobs, how should I manage my accounts?
My mom is getting 50% of my dad's pension. Should she have her federal taxes withheld monthly or not?
My friend and I are having a race to see who can make $0 to $10K. How do I go about this?
?to consolidate or not? Massive student loan debt in two MD family
Two missed payments on a creditcard. Can I do anything about it 2 years later and the creditcard closed?
Ways to build credit score without taking out a credit card?
What should I prioritize? Paying off my car loan? Building up savings? Or investing for retirement?
Any tips on how to receive money as an online freelancer?
Should a Collections account be marked as "closed"?
Wellsfargo convinced me to open an additional checking and savings account for security purposes. Is this a legitimate thing?
Am I too late?
I have a joint credit-card but no credit?
Can we afford this condo with very high HOA dues?
Is a financial advisor a good idea for a mid 20s, DINK couple?
Direct Plus loan denied due to small Comcast debt, has anybody experienced this? What will be my next step if...?
New grad wants new car. Balloon financing?
I drive a lot. I have a fuel efficient car but I'm spending $20-30/weekday on gas. Which credit card should I use to maximize my rewards?
Rent or buy a home? Feel stuck paying high rent.
I have the money, should I pay off my student loans?
CLI reason for requesting increase?
No job, barely any income, need to move out from homophobic family as soon as possible? (UK)
Fidelity versions of VTSMX, VGTSX &amp; VBMFX?
Is standard repayment on student loans my best option?
I recently reviewed my credit report online, is there any real benefit to paying to see my credit score as well?
I am looking into buying a car, I can get a loan, but will that cover the down payment?
In the same way creditkarma allows you to watch your transunion score, is there anything similar for the other 2 bureaus?
New job doesn't offer 401K...What are my options?
Is it bad to get credit-card to receive a free gift, then cancel it?
Filed taxes in April, my return is still processing. Did I do something wrong?
Identity was stolen and I now have a red mark on my credit. How do I get this to go away?
How can I improve my 401k with fidelity?
Will transferring a town home in to my name that my dad owns help my credit score, and my ability get a small business loan?
What are some good first credit cards for graduating students?
Us Bank credit card debt sold to Vision Finane. Anything I should know before calling them?
Private student loan or credit card???
PayPal is trying to charge me money I don't think I owe them. I'm new to PayPal. What should I do?
Just graduated from college and working full time. What should I be doing to set my self up for financial success?
Local bank CD rates risk?
Put 50% of income towards Grad School tuition, or take out PLUS loan for peace of mind?
After reading advice here I transferred money making very little interest in savings to a Vanguard IRA and now I'm losing money. Should I be concerned?
Need some critique of my budget, starting with no savings, not sure if I am over-saving?
Just won $26000. What do I do?
Should I turn down 10k for my daughter's 529?
Worth it to hire an accountant/lawyer? I worked in Japan and received income from US &amp; Japan. My company hired KPMG to handle my taxes and tax equalization. I think they caused me to overpay taxes.
What are the benefits of opening up multiple credit cards?
Can recent grads get loans for private education?
Did my mother just screw up my credit?
My SO believes you need to spend a certain percentage of your credit card limit to improve your credit score. I'm pretty sure you can spend $5-$10/month and build credit. /r/personalfinance can you settle this for us?
New credit card issued without my knowledge?
Cashing in equity to upgrade to new home?
Negotiating contract work?
So, making a budget is easy. But how do you track your spending and make sure you stay on target?
Mortgage Calculators - differences between the two, are we in the clear? (Canada)
First Job, what should I do?
Roth IRA or Extra Mortgage Payments?
Any tips on how to receive money via the internet as an independent freelancer? (Portugal)
What's the best way of managing/saving your money? I've just finished uni and now work in IB and have got no idea what to do with my bonus/saved pay
How do you budget for car maintenance?
Do lenders lose money if a mortgage is paid off very quickly?
Taxes in ON. Canada... How exactly are they determined?
Student loans pay off plan: Lowest loan balance, or highest interest rate?
How do I invest in Vanguard (or similar) if I'm not a resident of the countries from which they operate?
Any parents here qualify for kids to attend Headstart in US? Or do you instead pay for your kids preschool oop?
Pull my roth ira to pay down debt (school/car loans) debt or just leave it? What penalties will I face if I close the account?
Teacher and railroad worker with 1 kid...what can we improve about this budget?
What growth-rate on investments do you use in your retirement calculations?
how do i loan money to a stranger?
American Student Getting Master's degree in the UK - Private Loans?
Money order lost in the mail. What do I do?
Pity party of 1, how do I feel better about where I'm at in life?
23 years old, should I pay down student loans at 4-5% or start an IRA?
First time dealing with a massive student loan. How can I enjoy the year if I'm constantly fretting about money?
New to personal finance, am I doing anything wrong?
Any suggestions for which bank to use and which credit card/ savings account/ checking account to go for? Getting married soon, combining everything!
Any way to roll money to/from SO's retirement accounts?
How do you budget for a vacation?
If I pay off my car loan in full, will my insurance premium decrease? Details in comments.
How do I negotiate my rent renewal?
Thinking of buying a car - partially for personal use and partially for business use. What are some good ways to keep track of gas and mileage for writing off taxes at the end of the year?
Should I cosign an auto loan for my wife?
Should I get a new credit card?
Thoughts on Tenancy in Common?
Is this a good short term plan to meet long term goals?
Got Denied Refinance with Bank - Should I Try Elsewhere?
Should I ask for an increase in my credit line?
Life changes. What to do?
Am I saving enough?
Looking to buy a house with Fiance (I'm 24, she's 22). Yes/No/Maybe?
I think I'm going to be laid off today, I have a mortgage, a family, and about 10k in credit card debts, 10k in student loans. Any advice on how to approach this?
Read the FAQ, still confused about allocating my 401(k) funds. Help please?
Does it make sense to take small "loans" from our emergency fund to pay down student loan debt?
I have around $30,000 in student loans, should I consolidate?
How often are mutual funds like VFFVX updated?
Should I take my student loans if i dont need them ?
Should I be maxing out my 401k if my employer doesn't match?
Do you actually save money with the minimum payment on student loans?
Got drunk last night and doubled my credit card limit. Is this going to affect my credit score?
Parent's near maxing out of credit cards has severely impacted my credit score. What should I do?
Traditional 401k or Roth 401k for a young person?
Are saving accounts the only way to store your rainy day funds or are there other options?
Might be a stupid question, but is there a way to lower your tax deductions?
Is declaring bankruptcy ever a good idea? (CA)
Trying to buy house, got flagged as 'non arms length transaction.' Any experience with this?
Will you please help me make semi-informed decisions with my Roth IRA?
170k income. 240k worth of student loans. Plan of attack?
Pay off student loans despite possible loan forgiveness, or invest in something else?
How should I invest my money? Ive been putting this off for too long.
$15,000 in cash to buy a car. Get an auto loan anyway to raise credit score?
I just got a job in the city - what's a good way to determine if it's worth driving or taking the bus?
What does it mean to play the float?
How can anyone afford a master's degree?
Bloomberg Says I have one of the Worst 401(k)s. Help?
What Should I do about my Oldest Credit Card?
What are the rules of leasing a vehicle from my parents? (Canada)
28 m, pay off car or ???
I am going to be 18 soon, what should I do to build my credit the best way possible?
Should we pay down our mortgage quicker in order to stop having to pay PMI?
Can anyone help with credit score repair?
Is SumDay a reasonable service for someone who has no experience with saving?
Using debit card as credit card?
How do I know if the advice on this sub is reliable?
$10k emergency fund is sitting in an Online Savings account, where should I move it to?
What did most peoples retirement accounts take a big hit in 2008?
What is the best way to go about paying off credit card debt with money obtained from the sale of property overseas?
Will opting for a settlement on a medical bill that's in collection hurt your credit score?
ELI5: Thinking about buying a new home, how does this work in terms of collateral in current home?
how much should i be saving? No rent/utilities, 60k/yr
Does my budget make sense?
Thoughts on using ROTH IRA as an Emergency Fund?
Credit card, balance transfer or not?
Did your highschool have a money management/financial planning type course?
Should I sell my house?
My sister needs a co-signer on her mortgage, I have a excellent credit score, will this help or hurt my score? Also will it hinder my ability to finance another house in the future?
I am almost 30 with an OK job but no investments, 401k, retirement fund, etc. This weekend I intend on following this infographic from 3 months ago. Is it still correct/recommended?
Car trouble- what's the least awful option?
Help! I just got a letter saying I owe the IRS an additional 3k for 2012 did I mess up?
No debt, lots in savings what should I do with it?
Need a reliable and cost effective ISP... No cable lines running to my apartment, that means no Comcast, TWC, AT&amp;T, etc. Suggestions?
The landlord raised my apartment rent by 100%. Is this legal in LA, CA?
401(k) to two people?
(Hypothetical Q) Goal: Make as much money as possible. You are a above average 19 year old kid. How do you do it?
Is there a way to set up something with my bank to where it can take it out automatically? I'm only 18 and really really new to the adult world
I just discovered I have a small Defined Benefit pension plan that I didn't know about. What should I do with it?
60k salary +~4-5k bonus - Employee doesn't match 401k - What should I be contributing to?
How does anyone in suburban america afford college?
Is it better to do what you love with a better work life balance (60k-70k/year and 40-45 hours a week) or pursue a high paying job (120k+ year that requires travel and 50+ hours a week)?
Will be graduating college with no student loan debt. How do I take advantage of this head start?
Vanguard planner: put Roth in bonds??
How fast do you pay off student loans?
How does one go about getting into the stock market?
What are your thoughts about target date retirement funds for somebody just starting to invest?
Need advice: how do I get my money from a previous employer? (X-post)
20 years old / $58k take home / no debt / how do I play it safe?
What should I do with my unused credit cards?
Can I take Social Security at 62 and let my Railroad Retirement vest until age 70 to receive a higher benefit?
I received a congratulations e-mail on my new MC account for Coldwater Creek. I've never shopped there in my life. What to do?
Contributing to retirement vs. saving for house downpayment?
New employer, must wait a year for 401(k) contributions?
In one FHA home, need to try to relocate into another a state over. Do we have options?
Keep old credit card w/annual fee just cause it's an old card or ditch it?
How should i split my paycheck?
Any incentives for investing a semi-large amount of money at once?
What should I be doing with my money?
Parents added me on their Target Redcard account, would this appear on my credit report?
Credit Question - Denied rewards card, can I qualify in a few months?
Is our mortgage rate too high?
Accidentally went over my credit limit for the first time. How much damage have I done to my credit?
Should i take a personal loan, or just pay on credit cards?
Starting a new job that offers SIMPLE IRA instead of 401K. Thoughts on managing all this?
Credit Card Extended Warranties, What's Your Story?
Is it possible to auto invest small amounts of cash ($150/month) in ETF's with zero commission?
Debt consolidation - is it worth it?
Loaned my Mom $515 for bills(?), won't pay it back.
got rejected by BoA's Better Balance Rewards card. what does this letter mean?
Taxes question..?
(US) Lost my job, looking to cut costs. CreditKarma thinks I should refinance my mortgage, can someone help explain this to me?
Do you have any suggestions on how to set-up an ETF portfolio using TFSAs (CAN)?
Paying off car note faster, is it worth it?
Best way to save for engagement ring?
30k in grad student debt, can I pay it off in a yr?
Where is my paycheck going?
Just got my first credit card. What are some things to avoid/be aware of?
How much is enough?
does my plan qualify for for an HDHP for an HSA?
Credit Line Increase Denied - What Now?
I am 22 years old, in college, and I just got a job delivering pizzas. I receive a gas credit of $1.50 per delivery. Would the gas I use while working, and repair bills for my car be tax deductable since I have to use my own car?
What should my budget look like on our (low) income?
Studying abroad in Ireland in a few weeks, how should I prepare myself financially?
Should I open another bank account/line of credit?
Gamers of personal finance, what do you think of websites like gamefly.com and related sites?
Will small debt as a minor be a problem in the future?
In retrospect, what was your worst financial decision?
Are we on the right track for a great mortgage rate?
I want to open a CD - suggestions?
How much should I cover on my own for college expenses?
Co-signed various loans/lease with my son. Son is almost out of money, not going to be able to make payments. Am I in lots of trouble, or only a little trouble?
My Credit Card info was stolen, how did this happen?
Recent college grad with a new job. My employer matches a % contributed to my 401k. Since it is August, does this amount reset in January or a year from now?
Is there a way to see the electricity usage of a place before you move in?
Turned down for Sallie Mae Mastercard twice now--anything I can do, and how long do I need to wait?
Medical bills in collection that I was never made aware of? (20yo on dad's insurance)
Car Loan At 18?
Personal examples of paying to delete?
Moving out of the country for a while. Any advice?
Need to build credit but no secured credit cards in Canada?
Help with 2 year debt and real estate plan?
How should I pay I of.my student loans?
I have $300,000. What type of business should I start with it?
Starting to chip away at credit report and the more info I get, the more questions I have! Help, please?
Did this Financial Security Advisor give me bad advice?
What are the drawbacks to unnecessarily maxing out subsidized stafford loans?
Can I start a one person company to match my 401k 100%?
Father-in-law is the primary cardholder on my husband's oldest line of credit. Should the credit card be closed, and to what degree would that hurt our credit score?
Truly free checking?
Paying Quarterly Estimated Taxes? (1099)
I haven't filed my taxes since 2010, what kind of professional should I be talking to?
Help! Student turning 18, how to invest 10 grand? (CA)
I have basically never worked at 33 how do I find work?
Parents timeshare debacle. How best to fix?
Paying off loan with line of credit?
Saving half of my income? I can do it, but for what?
Using my parent's Roth space, what do you guys think? (x-post from r/financialindependence)
As a bartender interested in write-offs and no experience doing so, is it worth it to hire an accountant? (Canada)
Essentially squatting in NYC - am I in trouble?
US citizen, live and work abroad, married to a NRA. How the f@#k do I do my taxes?
Long-term SO has absolutely awful credit, can adding her as an authorized user help? (US)
Does a small bill from my US bank account affect my credit rating? (LB)
Moving out of parents house, on a low income. Little job security.. Advice? (UK)
I currently have a TradeKing account. Are there others that may be better?
Do you use a 'brick and mortar' bank?
Old 401(k), roll over to IRA or to my new employer?
In regard to being approved for a mortgage, does it make more sense to pay down student loans or save for a higher down payment?
(CA) 2-3 Savings Plan? (entry-level pilot)
Mid-20s and I hit my savings goal - what next?
Is Stock Market going to Crash?
How much interest would you need from a savings account before you would consider it over bonds?
Just found out a hospital bill I thought I'd paid is in collections. How do I prevent it from appearing on credit report?
What recourse do I have if my tax refund never arrives?
What should I do to become independent as soon as possible? Need to get out of this toxic environment.
W2 plus 1099: how to keep from owing taxes?
Is it possible to rebuild when you still owe?
Coming out of bankruptcy in 15 months, looking to buy a house in the next 3 years. What's the best way to rebuild my credit?
Do you manage your finances without a spreadsheet? How do you keep track?
Regarding student loans: wait for dad to die...?
Resell, or use till it breaks? (cars &amp; laptops)
Is Flipping Properties and Wholesaling really as easy as everyone says it is?
Any detriment to becoming an authorized user or joint account holder in name only on parent's credit card?
Should I take a better paying part time job, over a full time job that is a dead end, or am I being irrational?
How should we go about paying off credit card debt with money obtained from a property sale overseas without ending up in an even worse situation?
First job, how do I split my income to pay off loans?
Studying abroad, can you give me a better reason to save money?
Eviction, foreclosure, selling, or moving back in?
What's so bad about bankruptcy?
Public Service Loan Forgiveness?
My lender automatically purchased insurance at a higher rate than last year. Is there anything I can do?
I'm 21 with decent savings, should I use it or keep guarding it?
Can I scale back my retirement saving when i'm older?
Is it possible to have two HSA's?
What's next after an IRA?
What can I write off under 1099?
Red flags when renting?
Paying with cash better than debit card?
Is it hard to get a 2nd mortgage?
House confusion - to buy or not to buy in Japan?
What is a good way to estimate how much you should have saved up in your 401k?
Can I borrow against my 401k with a bank?
Is it too early to request for my bank to unsecure my credit card?
Want to start investing at the age of 27.. where to begin?
How can I figure out why the 3 credit agencies do not show my free credit report online?
Can a well-funded HSA replace the need for health insurance?
I'm a college undergrad with close to 2k in savings but it's under parents control. How long is too long for letting parents have control of your bank account? Should I be considering a high interest saving account or a roth IRA?
What happens when you die?
Alternative Books to "The Millionaire Next Door"?
Other than a Roth IRA, what should I do???
Fee to buy Vanguard index fund?
I just recently turned 18, what can i do to start saving money, and establishing some credit for myself?
Should I fix this mistake on my credit report?
Parents are TSP/IRA beneficiaries of late son, they want to split the money into IRA's for the other kids. Can this be done tax-deferred?
Can't get any money for college. Tuition is already covered and attendance is confirmed, but I don't have any money for rent and food. What do I do?
Why do employers offer 401k matching?
Pay for deletes are basically illegal...do they still happen?
S.O. and I are wanting to open a joint account for our expenses. How does this work?
Please help me understand my CalPers and what to do with it?
Am I being low-balled?
As a military guy is the newer Roth option better than the old TSP?
Any easy systems for auto-paying credit card debt every month?
Enrolling in an insurance plan after open enrollment?
I am a UK national living in London, but I have 4 bank accounts in the Czech Republic which charge me a monthly fee. What will happen to me if I don't close them and forget about them?
Will paying down ~$3,500 of CC debt have a significant effect on my credit score (before balance was 780)?
Cash or loan for next vehicle?
Should I focus on my car loan or student loan?
If I get a secured credit card to improve my credit, is it better to get 1 with a big limit or several ones with smaller limits?
How should I allocate my funds in 401(k)?
advice for four college kids?
Should I put shared house bills &amp; contract in my name? (&amp; account)
Switching from Primerica to Vanguard questions?
Tax Refund still being processed... Who should I contact?
$15k to my name in CASH. Which long term investment options should I choose?
Discover: Banking, Saving, and Credit cards?
What's your opinion on life insurance?
Parents (56 M/F) are living without a solid savings. How do I approach them about this without offending them?
Keep or dissolve trust?
What happens when a condo burns down?
What am I looking for in a tax advisor?
How much coverage for car insurance?
what is arbitragedude.com?
HSA reimbursement after a lawsuit?
Crowdfunding from outside of the US?
[US] How much should I ask for on a 1099?
Do I hold on to these Stellars or sell now while it has value ?
Has any one else ever had debt in collections magically just dissapear?
Old judgement on my credit report, is it a duplicate?
I've got two maxed out credit cards at a high interest rate. Should I take out a low interest loan to pay them off?
Is anyone concerned about their investments after the tax evasion charges leveled against Vanguard?
I'd like to start budgeting with my newlywed, but she's procrastinated setting up direct-deposit for months---what would you do?
Negotiating with a claims adjuster?
Purchasing a car in a different state: what do I need to know?
Fighting Lifestyle Inflation - Should I Ask for a Raise in Time Instead of Money?
How should I invest leftover grant money?
Should I refinance my car?
How can I check if I have outstanding debts anywhere?
How can I confirm that I have filed my taxes 15-20 years ago?
First time renter here. Any advice?
Closed credit card but still paying balance?
Talking to my first financial advisor, what should I look for?
Help. My friend got divorced and moved 300 miles away, had an auto-renewal gym membership, ex cancelled credit card without cancelling membership, now she owes $1,350.05. She's about to be taken to court for the charges, or to hit her credit score. What options are available?
Drivers of PF. What vehicle insurance do you have, what's your coverage, how much you pay and justification?
How much is enough when it comes to bank accounts?
My husband takes care of our finances but I've realized he is bad at it. He spends more on restaurants/alcohol than our mortgage. How do I take financial control from him?
Just got a check from my 401(k) terminating. Will there be any penalties for this?
Any advice for a junior in college with 10k in loan debt?
Can reddit help with student loans?
What's better? Do I let a $50 account in collections from 2010 drop off in 2017, or to pay off the account today and have it count as paid (previously in collections) until 2021?
Should I refinance my student loans?
Most advisers say that you should be investing 10-12% of your salary into 401(k). Would this amount be inclusive of any employer contributions?
Is there any way for me to avoid a deposit on my utilities when I move?
How can I recover from my situation?
What credit cards to get?
Student Tax Question: Parents refuse to claim me as Dependent--What to do for FAFSA?
How do I start a retirement fund?
How do I save? 90k income and $20 after bills
Have 15k to invest for the long run. Where should I put it?
Any suggestions on credit cards that don't use Equifax reports?
Recurring charges on a credit card a good way to build credit?
What to do about a (mistakenly) past due hospital bill?
Should I have written "EXEMPT" on my W-4?
How long does it take to get a credit score? Four years with a CC but still a 'thin file' on CreditKarma.
Should I be helping my gf pay off 35000 dollar student loan?
How do people live on minimum-wage incomes?
What are some unknown financial benefits of owning a house?
32y/o in san francisco, considering real estate...but where?
What do would you do? Job stops paying, you're in too deep.
Am I alone in my Wells Fargo experience?
GF and I finally getting serious about saving. How much is reasonable?
Living and working abroad for 1 year. How do I best handle my money/taxes?
What's the skinny on debt consolidation? (CA)
To sell, or not to sell? That is the question...
Apply for Deferment Before Termination Date?
Fiancée and I are about to close on our first home purchase. What should we do to improve our finances after the close?
Is it worth it / legal for me to offer my parent's (NJ) address over my NYC address on my tax forms?
Can someone please explain this (what I think to be a) scam to me?
Was pre-approved for a mortgage, did not expect the high expected monthly payment. Options?
What to do with Tuition Reimbursement?
My credit score has been falling due to outstanding bills which have gone to collections. The problem is I have moved and I have no idea what the bills are for. Is there a way to find this out so I can settle all my outstanding bills before it drops lower?
26, in sales, getting hired into a group with much more experienced and highly paid employees, what should my salary be?
How do young professionals afford nice cars and new houses?
I want to monitor and improve my credit. where should I go? i dont mind paying if it is good.
Windfall of money to pay off credit cards, ok if I just pay full amount on each?
Should I be paying off loan interest during medical school?
aggressively pay off mortgage in 3-5 years or continue maxing out IRA accounts?
How do I get out of this vicious cycle?
401k retro match?
PF's feeling on the student loan crisis?
Paying rent.. best way?
Switched Checking to Schwab, what savings account?
Student loans and savings... what's the smart thing to do here?
Is the compensation structure of my employer legal?
TIL I NEED TO SAVE MONEY FAST - I HAVE TWINS - ANY IDEAS?
Advice on moving out for a 20yr old male?
Budgeting when you have no bills? (UK)
PFers who drive cars worth over 35k, do you ever regret it?
Overflow of time sheet reporting at college job?
Help with vanguard funds?
College student looking to establish credit, I think I've picked out a card. Am I doing this right?
At what point can I charge my friends / roommate's gf for staying at my house?
110K in Student Debt, 42K salary. Am I doomed to live with my parents until I'm 30?
Refinancing mortgage: Credit Karma says my credit score is 701; lender says it's a range of 642-666. What gives?
Consolidating 4 cc's worth of debt? (US) x-post /r/debt
Should I open a line of credit, just in case?
20y/o: What should I be doing for my future?
To all you student loan borrowers out there who ended up not getting what they needed through FAFSA: What was your course of action to meet your tuition and living needs?
Looking to invest/save my money. Not sure where to start?
What's the best way to transfer money cheaply to my Norwegian bank from the US?
Pre-Tax or After-Tax for Long Term Disability Benefits? (US)
I just switched jobs and went from $34K/year to $60k/year. What should I do/not do next?
How to get out of rock bottom? Have ignored finances forever. Meant to post here anyway, but just discovered an hour ago that I have $54k in student loans and am basically a freshman in my major.
Closing CC accounts: Close one of my two old ones? Or a 2 year old account that I've never used? Or keep them all open?
26, 3 years until finishing bachelor's degree, $1 in bank account. Am I screwed for long-term financial goals (marriage, house, car, etc.)?
What's the best option? Auto finance question.
What Changes at 21?
Am I doing this wrong?
Getting credit card offers under mothers maiden name?
Can we afford a down payment for a 3 bedroom house in 1 year (UK)?
When investing monthly in a Roth containing multiple funds, should I split the contribution equally or into the fund whose price has dropped the lowest?
Should I use my SEPP payout to eliminate credit card debt?
Should I consolidate my loans?
401k offers 0% expense ratio funds. Whats the catch?
Open a home equity LOC to pay off high interest student loans?
What to do with my savings in the meantime? (CAN)
Retirement Fund: Rollover or Pay off Debts?
I'm terrible at managing money and have a lot of delinquent debts, is there a service I can use like a debt manager to help get things in order?
I need to remove myself from my Soon to Be Ex wifes credit card. Will this help or hurt my credit?
529 plan for niece whose family is on public assistance?
Newly married and wife has burdensome car loan. Is refinancing possible with my better credit? Any other options?
Based on my situation, should I pay off loans first or invest/save?
Am I required to be a student to apply for a student card?
Private Student Loan vs Savings [Advice?]
Should I spend 5k or 10k on a car?
Rollover IRA versus taking a 401k distribution? Pros/Cons
Should I put some of my student loan debt on my credit card?
Living in NYC and planning to move in the with In-Laws. Would it be smarter to buy a legal 2 family house now or just buy a house big enough for now and move out later?
$5k hospital bill just went to collections. Need opinions on the smartest way to resolve?
Is a Master's degree worth another 20,000?
(mint.com) Is it possible to create separate groups for categories?
Want to buy a Gas saver, would it pay for itself?
Is it even worth investing in my 401(k) over loans?
Receiving first adult job offer tomorrow, what numbers should I prepare?
About to go to college. Forecasting student loan debt of approx. 40-50k. What are my best options to paying this off in the future?
What does changing tax brackets actually do?
Would paying off a mortgage have a negative effect on our credit?
Chapter 7 bankruptcy and personal loans??
A teenager wrecked my car with his dad's SUV beyond repair. Should I accept the first offer from their insurance?
Should I take money out of savings account to maximize my contribution to my IRA?
I want to invest money, how do I do it?
What to do?!
My ex still has me listed as an authorized user on his credit card. Can that hurt my credit score?
Moving to new place this weekend, not paid until the 15th. Should I overdraft my bank account?
Live in MA, work from home for a NJ company. What taxes do I pay?
"How much do you make a year vs a month"? (CL)
Did Credit Repair Work For You?
What's a good credit card for a student entering college?
Scheduled an extra auto payment with bad card info, will it hurt?
Are whole life insurance policies worth the extra cost from term?
1099 employee whose "employer" gives a heath insurance stipend. Should I pocket it?
I want to save money, should I open a saving account at a local Credit Union?
Today I received a collections notice from a bank that I closed an account with on good terms two years ago. What do I do?
How often/when does Credit Karma update credit reports?
150k in cash; 100k in 401k; 0 debt; self-employed; health=moderate; 56 yrs old. Best way to stay somewhat liquid yet increase wealth to retire?
Should I take this contract job? How to calculate take home?
Im 20, clearing 600-700 a week and I want to buy a motorbike for 2-3k. What are my financing options?
1099 employee, is forming an LLC worth it?
$70k income; $22k SL @ 6.8; $4k CC Debt at 0% for the next 5 months. $0 Savings. What do?
Rollover 401k to IRA for For Home Purchase?
What do the long-term index fund people here recommend if the stock market doesn't recover before you retire?
Thoughts on leasing a vehicle - smart or not?
How does student loan debt affect my credit score?
Investing in yourself? Cost v. Benefit (Sigma Six, Project Management Cert., Masters Degree)
How long will it take to fix my credit score?
Roth IRA vs at-hand savings?
Boyfriend would like me to title his car in my name - what are the risks?
HSA cash or investments?
Why 401K?
Should I pay off $65k student loan at 3.75%?
What is the Canadian equivalent to a 401k?
Do I have to walk away from this house?
Should I join any airline loyalty programs?
Managing a family member's inheritance?
[CA] CRA harassing me every year. Whats my best option for payments?
What to do with a 10K inheritance?
Just learning about investing. Can I rebalance my 401k/Roth IRA without taking a tax hit?
Help understanding student loan statement. How do these numbers add up?
wages in germany?
How important is an emergency fund? Is it worth not contributing to my 401k plan to build one up faster?
Use extra cash to pay off student loans or down payment on a car?
Which banks have the best credit card options?
College student looking for separate checking account. Schwab or Simple Bank?
Have money just sitting in banks, any advice?
I feel like our finances are a bit out of whack. Can someone confirm?
How do you budget and maintain a social life? I'm not very equitable and I'm mindlessly blowing through money.
How can I offset Mint.com other property accounts?
Keep Fidelity Roth IRA or move to Vanguard (or a lower-ER fund within Fidelity)?
The simplest ways of building credit with your first credit card?
Is there an app that will alert me when a charge has been made?
Should I buy a new car?
Anyone have experiences to share from parents/grandparents who retired? Did they make the right financial choices?
Community College or University?
What are some of the best financial literacy resources for a kid preparing for the High School -&gt; College transition?
I am in college, working part time. I want to put $50 back every week. I currently have it in a savings account. Is this ok? Or should I place it elsewhere?
Is there a website I can go to or a service I can use to find out about all of the debts I owe to collection agencies?
How to obtain all statements from a bank?
Is it the right time to buy a condo for me?
Is there an app that tracks credit card rewards for their peak return percentage?
Are standard yearly raises a thing at large companies?
How Best to Spend Money?
Do most large companies provide excellent 401k fund choices?
Which savings account is best for a house down payment?
New Hire (50+ years old) asking for deferred comp plan - what are my options for setting up a 5-10 year annuity?
My girlfriend and I are 25. We have paid off our college debt. Don't mind living way below our means. We want to invest - but in what?
Buying a 2nd house and renting the 1st house? (US-CA)
How are we doing? How can we improve?
Can I deposit into a Roth IRA before I start getting income?
Is there a method or a formula a person can use to figure out an appropriate price for a thing he invents or makes?
Should I Refinance My Home?
paying off debt. Pay myself or not?
(BE) Choosing a company car or money?
Get a new credit card with a higher credit limit, or ask for a higher credit limit on my current card?
What resources are there for people with absolutely no concept of anything outside of cash?
We want to buy a house in a couple years and want to make sure we are taking the right steps. Can you help?
A new-ish company said they can give me a lower salary than expected but offer me stock as replacement. How much stock should I expect/how much should I accept to reconcile the lost 1/3 in salary if the company is worth about $10 million now but expects to be worth $100+ million in a few years?
Is there anywhere to get student loans with no cosigner?
Quick Answer Needed: For a childcare expense, is it more beneficial to take advantage of a company pre-tax flexible spending account or take the tax write off at the end of the year?
How many of you gave up your car in favor of a bicycle? Do you recommend it?
College starts soon.. I want to prepare now by buying textbooks and a good office chair. I don't have the money for that right now. Should I take out a school loan or open a credit card account to buy these supplies?
I'm 20, make €190 a week working part time and have €1000 saved. What should I do?
Company that makes investing simple for young people by taking their money and investing in Vanguard funds?
My parents wrote me a check for $10,000. What happens if I were to cash it?
Recent graduate, starting my first "real" job on Monday - what should I purchase/invest in first?
What is going to happen after the Fed stops buying bonds? How is this going to affect the average person?
Should I surrender my VUL? What do I do afterwards?
How do I "get started" saving towards retirement and later in life events?
I'd like to automate my online banking to diversify incoming funds. Any recommendations?
Is paying off all of my debt in collections worth it? How can I fix my credit?
I was pre-approved for a loan, but is this payment plan legit? (contract pic included)
Too much in savings account—need to invest half of it. Should I invest a little at a time, or all at once?
Looking to buy a house, how is my budget?
Do you have a job that pays a regular bonus or profit share?
Is there any catch to getting my credit score for free on creditkarma.com?
Putting my savings in a checkings account?
Can you spare a second to help me with a simple finance calculation/spreadsheet regarding ROI?
Are automatic credit limit increases a good thing?
"Alternative" to Roth IRA for college graduate student? Vanguard LifeStrategy vs. Lazy Portfolio
Low-income, single parent household, but incoming Ivy League college student: how to NOT end up like my parents?
Do I have to pay off debt my grandmother put on my credit?
Lows interest rates; should I think about switching banks?
Have a steady job for the first time in my life and money is piling up. At what point do I need to invest?
Private piano instructor teaching in the homes. Deducting mileage? (xpost r/taxes)
How does one pay for college?
I have a 2500$ budget, is it better to buy a car now or wait?
Several small loans vs one large loan at the same interest rate; what's better?
Can I dispute debt from ex-landlord while in litigation?
What value do you put on happiness?
My (25m) gf (20f) is struggling to manage her finances as she pursues college and work. Having done so myself I want to encourage healthy habits, how can I help her without seeming demanding?
You have £10 000 in the bank. All yours. What do you do with it?
WTF, Citibank?
Should I move out of my parents house?
How I reduced my Cell Phone Bill/Can you help me reduce my ISP bill?
[low-scale] I'm not sure if I should be putting so much money in my new phone, can you please help me make a decision ?
Have some EE bonds, checking account is light this month, time to unload or should I hold out?
Losing my job in a week. Sole provider, no savings and credit card debt. What to do?
How to choose a bank?
When to refinance auto loan?
Currently biking to work, should I sell my high mpg vehicle?
Seller / Government delays are causing $1200 fees added to my mortgage. What are my options?
Mid-20s, good salary, but don't know where to start investing. What were you investments like at my age and how did they turn out?
Getting married! Snapshot look at my finances, what should I focus on building?
How much house can WE afford?
Trying to live the dream! Found some land to start building our mini-farm. Any suggestions or advice?
Where can I find an interesting introductory short read on alternative investments or JOBS Act of 2012?
Ruh Roh! Misunderstood HELOC requirements and down goes my backup plan. Ideas?
If I owe 2k on a loan, and 2k on a card (3k limit) which do I spend this 1500 bucks on? Both have the same interest rate.
Why isn't "charitable donations" in your budget?
Paying off student loan in full after making payments for over a year, or just highly increase the payments?
So... What do you do when you have a bill due and don't have the money to cover it?
How do I determine my Adjusted Gross Income?
Is it easier to get a second credit card from the same bank as my first card?
When is a good time to give bankruptcy?
Looking to buy new motorcycle. Better to pay cash up front or go with payments?
Move money from taxable account to fund Roth IRA?
Plan to get cash rewards on bills. What do you guys think?
SoFi Re-Fi?
How do we decide between 20- or 30-year term life insurance? Parents who are a little late to the game...
Lots of student loans. In over my head. How would you handle this?
Individual Roth vs. Employer retirement plan Roth..?
Is it safe for me to apply for a second credit card in my situation?
Resigning full time job to go to grad school, what to do with 401k?
What is a fair rent to charge your SO when the property is owned by one person? 60/40 45/55?
Credit Karma says I have an "F" in total accounts. With only one credit card and the ability to regularly pay it off, should I open a new one to improve my score?
What is the best first credit card for a college student?
Increase my credit card limit to reduce my utilization?
I have an $18k car loan at 1.9%. I can pay it off in cash. Should I?
Scenario : I want to buy a house. I have 16k left in student loans and I do not have a car (I just sold it). What is my best option?
Any PFers own a Tesla? Has it been worth it?
Buying a car. Is this a good deal? And more questions.
Paid Parking Ticket in Collections. What should I do?
Going to have a decent amount of 1099 work, how can I best offest taxes owed?
Take student loans out of grace period early?
I'm attending college in approximately a year. What can I do for myself?
Is there an interest rate on alternate retirement?
Leaving an internship with the state after a year, what should I do with my retirement/deferred compensation?
Work offering a Roth 401k now. At 28, should I exploit this?
Using Mint?
Apartment or car?
How are the principle and interest allocations of monthly payments calculated?
Student looking for student credit cards. Where should I start? What should I look for?
When to refinance? After paying off cards?
Considering leaving my job for a new one. What happens to my 401k?
Should I refinance my FHA mortgage to remove PMI?
Medical bill of $1,876. Pay in full or stick to payment plan?
What does everyone keep as an emergency fund?
No more interest, better to pay off slow?
Which job has the overall better "pay"? No knowledge of taxes or costs
My wife got charged for a procedure that she wasn't aware of at the eye doctor. How should we proceed?
First time Credit Card Application Rejected?
Girlfriend was charged twice for credit card payment. Credit Card company says they can't reverse the charges. Is this really the case?
I recently began a part-time job, and I'm a perfect fit. Can I negotiate a higher salary now?
Is there any way to solve the problem of "technical difficulties" when requesting a copy of past IRS tax return transcripts?
What is your reason for not sharing funds/bank accounts with your significant other?
Open IRA or pay off high interest student loan?
Just launched a GoFundMe for my Senior Film Project, how should I go about raising awareness and managing funds?
Life Insurance First Time: Term or Universal?
I am 21 years old, I have a high school education, $5,000 in savings, I own a car that is paid for, and I need to find a job and move out of my parent's house within the month. What are some things I should know before taking the plunge?
How much is your take home in California at exactly 100k?
What do you do with a 401(k) or 403(b)—that is attached to your employer—after you quit your job?
Can you accept food stamps or other government aid while taking out student loans?
Do I need a CPA?
Should I buy a non-warrantable condo with cash?
Please help me understand unemployment (or half unemployment?)
Does my company credit card effect my credit score?
7 hard pulls from buying a car?
After paying off vehicle with numerous issues, is it wise to keep it or sell for a cheaper, more reliable one?
Use Line of Credit (LOC) as checking account?
How much to spend on a car?
Should I take loan out of 401k?
Best credit card for accumulating airline miles?
Does paying mortgage early make more sense in a low expected return market?
Medical school, loans, the military, and a trust -- what do?
Debt Consolidation Loan with bad credit?
Student looking to get Private Student Loans (approx. 16000) with a 650 credit score. What are my chances of securing what I need?
I maxed out my 401k, my IRA, and my emergency fund is healthy. What next?
Does 'Last Statement Balance' mean money you MUST (owe) pay or money you COULD pay if you only wanted to pay minimum?
Any reason NOT to move a 403(b) to a Traditional IRA?
Do I make enough money to justify my decisions?
Different advice for those starting late?
How much money should I save up for my freshman year of college?
I am very ignorant about personal finance, and someone close to me is in a tough situation. Advice?
(Long Rant) First World Problems: why do I feel like I’m poor?
"CreditKarma is a third party looking to farm your data for marketing purposes." What truth is there to this statement?
trouble paying for college- will it get better???
Can I please get some help buying a 2014 Toyota Corolla?
I need a loan to pay for University, but I don't currently have employment?
What is a fair price to charge my four friends rent in my house? (CA)
Got $15,000 and need to plant it?
If the market has a correction, can I avoid paying taxes on IRA to Roth conversions?
Zero CC balance and my CreditKarma credit utilization score is a C and my credit score is lower. Why?
Should I treat my company's tuition reimbursement as debt?
Are there any cons to accepting work study financial awards if you already have a job on campus?
Are the bots on this sub ruining it? Couldn't there just be a sidebar? If you mention refinance, mortgage, credit card, windfall, IRA, bank account, student loans you get a blizzard of bot responses.
I'm debt free but my house needs work, should I take a loan or use cash?
What is an estimated equivalent wage in the US to UK?
What to do: Adjustable CompLife Policy?
Two of my student loan accounts, which were paid in full in February, are showing up on my Credit Karma full credit report. Should I dispute it?
No federal tax has been withheld. Am I going to owe a lot? :(
Prioritization?
My parents are pretty tight on money and I don't want them to leave me anything. Are these "reverse mortgages" a good idea for them as they fully own their home?
Should I roll over an old IRA into a new deferred compensation account?
Can I get my previous years tax returns?
Should I sell this junk bond?
Best way to save at 17 UK with part time job?
Being pushed into buying a house - should I do it or not?
Do you think financial abuse is actually real?
Great credit score - still getting denied. What can I do?
How would you like to be a part of a $1billion+ company?
How does the PFA plan look like for grad students?
Overcharged a prepaid Mastercard, should I be worried?
I have a UTMA account, 27yo male with no student debt, what are consequences of selling some of my stocks?
Credit Karma - Not all that accurate?
CD interest rates abysmal, time to move on to riskier investment?
Online savings accounts? How do they work - which do you recommend for tiny savings?
I have an excess of loan money this semester for college. Should I return it?
Huge jump in salary has left me with questions. Where should I go to talk to a financial adviser?
Should I remove my credit line with the longest history - high utilization authorized user?
Dumb question: how does Bill Payer work on a checking account?
How did I miss this last year?
Tips and Tricks for Mvelopes?
Going to college, no credit history, looking at student credit cards. How do I get approved?
Disputed a collections from 2/3 bureaus, what to do about the third?
Should I aggressively pay off student loans - if so, which first?
How should it take to make an E-fund?
Debt collectors -- what information can they access?
Anybody work in the Insurance Industry?
Should I get a credit card as a teenager?
Last week I posted about extended warranties credit cards offer, what are some other little-known benefits offered by credit cards?
Should I rent alone?
Adding an authorized user to a secured credit card - will it help or hurt them?
Venmo, the personal mobile-app that process money transactions between persons, seems too convenient. Is it secure and safe? How so?
Is there such a thing as too high of a credit limit?
Help with personal finance! Have a little extra money, should we pay off mortgage?
Which option makes the most financial sense?
Can/should we move money around PRIOR TO applying for a mortgage?
I got pre-approved for an auto loan. How long before I can try again (for better terms) without it hurting my credit score?
Buying a Home?
Is there a debt reduction calculator that accounts for graduated rate increases?
Quick Question: If I die, does my wife inherit my debt?
Who do I turn to for advice?
How do I get a falsely reported missed payment off my credit report?
[US] Around 20 years ago my family bought me several $50 government bonds. I recently thought to look up their value, expecting to be a millionaire, however they are worth between $40-$49 each. Should I sell these or hold on to them?
Dummies picture guide to open IRA?
Should I pay back DeVry?
How to allocate the remainder of a settlement?
Student loans - payment different from two to one loan?
Should I refinance my home and auto loans? If so, do you have any suggestions on lenders?
Got reamed on security deposit... is it worth fighting it?
should i put a portion of my pay towards paying off my credit card, or just save it?
I recently put $5500 into VFFVX (target 2055) Roth IRA. The target retirement puts me at 68 years old. Should I have bought VFIFX instead (target 2050)?
Will being late on a cell payment by a week affect my credit?
[US] Would my step-father be legally responsible in the case that my mother would be unable to make payments on a Parent PLUS loan?
r/PF, are there any documentaries on Netflix, related to PF, that you would recommend?
Friend bought house, walked away, and claims it was a good investment. Is he right?
A friend got a job with this "company" and wants me to join. Is it a scam? (CA)
How do I overcome this logical fallacy of mine?
When to decide to ditch a credit card, and go for a better one?
My firms is going IPO! Should I risk it all by exercising my options before?
What is the most efficient way to use a credit card to gain credit?
Consumers Credit Union of Illinois has a 5.09% APY for checking accounts?! And anyone can join?!
Should I file minimum wage late tax returns?
How should a kid manage his money?
Not being approved for credit cards?
Can my employer offer different employees a different maximum % match into our 401k plans?
(CA) New job, planning to go live on campus at a university, how do I prepare for the future?
living overseas - building US credit - next move?
Does buying gift cards at a gas station count as a gas purchase?
Is it okay to link my credit card and savings account with PayPal?
Redditors, it you were about to become homeless and broke, how would you prepare yourself with just $1000 or less?
My wife has just moved back to the US. After 90 days in her new job, she will be included in her employer's healthcare plan. What should she be doing in the meantime?
How to budget if one of my jobs doesn't offer me steady hours?
Does a HELOC count as a credit card when calculating "Credit Utilization"?
Paying off and closing a secured card - how will it affect my credit?
Should I sell my car if I may need to lease again in a year? (US, details in comments)
My car was totaled and I only got $2300. With bad credit is a high interest loan my only option?
When to Repair or Replace? (motorized tools, appliances, etc)
Looking to rent a house with 3 other first time renters. What is the best way to budget our money?
Getting Married -- What can we combine to save $?
Is there a way I can get USAA?
Does anyone have experience with DCU credit cards? Question about my statement and they are currently closed so I can't call them.
Has online mortgage lending improved in past 5 years?
Is my retirement planning math right?
Inherited IRA investment ideas?
Considering carrying a reloadable prepaid card for security. Can I do it without fees?
Life Insurance Annuity...lump sum or over several years?
How much should I save for post-college apartment?
Do I need to wait 5 years before I can access money that I rolled over from an After Tax 401k?
Haven't filed taxes in 3 years. Yes I'm an idiot. What do I do? (Canada)
No real options left, do I cash in the life insurance?
Zero Balance Transfer Credit Cards. Good/Bad/Ugly?
Can an individual file a bad credit report?
Entire yearly income in cash. Tax consequences?
What should I be doing with my income?
Few questions (Anyone ever regret saving too much money? Also 401k, tax and family questions)
discover student loan a good rate?
My car financing options? Freshly 18 year old male, I need advice.
My girlfriend is $100,000 in debt just from her bachelor's degree. Is this normal? How can she pay this off? Please help!
Should I have Renters Insurance?
My mom screwed up on my student loans. Best way to pay this off?
TSP Investment Strategy?
My Uni in Aus costs 65k, how can i raise finance for my studies?
I'm 18 Where Do I Start My Clean Slate?
Where do I go from here?
How do I best safeguard my savings? (RU)
How do student loans in the United States work?
Student Loans: Defer or go into repayment?
Good move or bad move? Investing!
Does the Fico algorithm mean I should pay a small bill that slipped through to collections?
Should I cash in my life insurance or get another loan?
I'm 15. Where are some places I can learn how to do my taxes and be an adult so I won't be clueless when I'm older?
Child taking over parent student loans?
I am pretty much clueless about finances, and I need to purchase my first car. Can someone explain, in toddler words, the difference between taking a loan through a dealership and taking a loan through a bank where I have an account?
Will a late college payment affect my credit score?
What's the quickest way(s) to transfer funds to a non-Chase account to a Chase bank account? Are there fees?
Are there still nay tax incentives when buying hybrid cars?
15 year old here, and I'm in the process of getting my learner's permit/license. Where should I start in terms of getting added to my family's car insurance?
Account open in collections, will paying it raise my CS?
A few questions and planning: 401(k) Loan, house after a while, credit boosting?
Best places to put my money? (College student)
How do I handle the next few years of my life financially (credit cards, moving out of parents' house, getting engaged/married, etc.)?
Best thing to do with Government Savings Bonds?
Given my situation is a credit card a good idea?
Address spelled wrong on check... Is this a big deal?
Question about buying vehicle - tax deduction on side business?
Finished paying off school debt and starting to save for a down payment. Anything else I should be doing? (CA)
Best and most cost effective way to transfer money from US account to foreign account? (NL)
Why is it so hard for me to get a credit card? (US)
How do I roll over my old 401k to an IRA?
Should I keep/catch up this old whole life insurance policy, or cash it out?
Saving $20k per year - What should I be saving for?
Both parents have died. What should I do to responsibly manage the inheritance?
What credit card do you recommend to someone with an established credit score?
21, just started first job. Confused on saving for retirement?
Maybe a stupid question: Crowd sourcing a home loan?
How do I figure out how much to pay each month to keep the interest down on my student loan?
What are the different options for investing which return/include interest and their pros/cons? (CAN)
Curious about how 8 lines of credit is a low amount according to credit karma....? Best way to get credit score more often then once a year?
Owe $10,000 at $150 a month on fixed interest. Got a $6,000 contract, should I put a dent on my debt?
Sallie Mae Nightmare - Payments no longer deferred? Please help out!
Employer doesn't offer retirement plan. What do you think of this plan?
Could you save too much for retirement?
When sending a resume do you also send your references?
I'm 23 and starting my first job this coming week but I don't have a lot of retirement planning knowledge; any advice?
Dealing with US taxes while living abroad?
Should I run a credit inquiry or will that negatively effect getting approved for a mortgage?
Should I buy a newer car and chuck the old one even though I have high student loan amounts?
Does anyone have experience with the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature Card?
Can I do a chargeback on a debit card?
What's the best way to do my taxes as a new self employed 1099 "employee"?
What should I do about a $5 debt that was sent to collections 3 years ago?
Considering buying a house/condo in Chicago, what do I need to know?
Advice on debt, inheritance, and investing?
I'm 20 and about to have enough income to pay taxes for the first time. Can someone explain deductions?
21 years old, and I want to start saving now what do I do?
Paying student loans right away?
Is there a subreddit for people who are self-employed to discuss things like healthcare, taxes, etc?
What can a college student do to prepare to pay off his loans?
Which WellsFargo IRA do I want to open (link inside)?
How to calculate self employment tax for 1st year of working?
Living abroad, will getting a credit card here build my credit in my home country? (SA AND SK)
Should I even be thinking about going back to school if I'm already in debt?
should i convert my SIMPLE IRA to Roth IRA?
Credit Checks and Employment? Quickest way to boost credit score (short term).
Trying to move out and worried about how my parent will get by. Advice?
Any Ally Bank users here?
Been offered a job as a board member of a venture capital company - but what does this really mean?
Should I continue on?
How can I send money from Japan to Ireland?
How soon before applying for a mortgage is "too soon" to apply for another credit card?
Switching from a Contractor to Hourly Employee while asking for a raise. What should I try to negotiate?
Huge increase in income - what to do with excess?
What is your opinion on the Fidelity target retirement date index funds and their underlying funds?
What are you saving for? What is the purpose of your money?
Paying Taxes?
How much do YOU spend per week, and why?
Pursuing mortgage modification-what would you do?
Currently, I have $50 in my savings account, $300 in my checking, and $1,400 credit card paid off. First time completely out of debt in 7+ years, what is my next move?
Could this be a sign of identity theft?
Anybody else signed-up for the FutureAdvisor emails? They are infuriating.
20 yrs. old What should I do with 9k in the bank while I am in school?
Why are my IRA contribution amount and cost basis different?
Trying to track down student loans?
(uk) how to cancel direct debits on hsbc?
Starting to save money. What Should I do with it?
How does 0% APR credit utilization affect your score?
Increasing pre-approval amount?
How do I choose between TFSA and RRSP contributions, the type of investments within them, and how much to contribute (CA)?
Maxed out Roth and 401K. Now what?
How do "debt consolidation companies" work?
Paid a debt in collections - how do i make sure it gets taken off my credit report?
Why do I need a cosigner?
Credit Report Question. Should I worry?
Anyway to find out where a Derogatory Mark has come from?
401k - Seem like not a lot of great options here? Fund advice?
Where to put money?? Have in brokerage acct but feel it's not best option (20 yr M)
Am I headed down a bad path?
Is there financial help for me?
US freelancer in Germany for the long haul. Retirement planning? (US/DE, 23)
First time home buyer, 20 yr note???
Virtual CC service?
Can I transfer stocks into an IRA account?
Pre-approval/Mortgage questions - considering asking for a pre-approval without the intention of actually buying right now?
Paid Off a Debt - Reported as "Paid in Full" vs. "Settled" on Credit Report?
Am I Crazy?
What do I do with my townhome? Fix it up? Sell it? Walk away?
Need to get a new credit card, any good "search engines" to find the right card for me?
How can anyone afford an MFA?
Account similar to Simple that allows transfers from Square?
Sudden Wealth - what to do now?
Is your emergency fund simply a Savings accounts ?
Salary negotiation AFTER interview?
Recently came across a document that said I had a Mutual Fund in my name?
Question: Pay off a chunk of credit card debt --- or pay the minimum?
Advice- Is there a way to plan/prepare for anticipated massive healthcare costs in the future?
Did I just mess up by paying back this old state tax thing?
Best way to protect card information when buying online?
Getting healthcare degree. Good or bad investment? (Canada) (X-post)
Chase closed my accounts, anyone had this experience before?
Any reason to keep anything in Savings account vs. low risk Vanguard funds?
What do lenders actually use to determine who gets a loan if it's not credit score?
Financial Advisor?
Should I cancel my credit card?
Extended warranty worth anything?
Should I quit my job or wait until they fire me?
Should I accept this offer from Chase bank?
Joined a Startup - No 401k. Where Do I Save?
Shouldn't 1 of my 2 auto loans hard inquires drop off my credit report?
How much should I spend on my first car at the end of this year?
Student looking for best option for first credit card, which card is best for me?
Best student credit card option?
What was the first little habit you got into to be more frugal?
How to handle a dispute with cellphone carrier?
How much cash do you save every month?
My water bill says that I used on average 866 gallons a day. I live in a house by myself and take 5 minute showers, and wash dishes by hand. What gives?
State department of revenue said I owe something from my 2007 return -- was it dumb of me to pay this? Isn't it well beyond statute of limitations?
Should I get a credit card?
Around $2000 in debt, can you guys help me with a budget?
Best bank for new college graduate?
Educational trust fund with tax benefits?
I have about 10k in retirement from old job, should I keep it there? I'm 30 years from retiring.
Just started working a new job. Get paid once a month. How do I budget effectively?
Protecting multiple cards through Paypal or Google Wallet?
HELP! I need advice, and I need it really soon. Paying for college really sucks. Could anyone here give me some good advice?
Can I afford this house?
Have a debt I do not consider myself to owe. Is it in my interest to pay it off anyway?
I want to buy a home. Where do I start?
What do I spend my savings on?
I'm 21 with a decent amount of money saved just sitting in my bank... should I be doing something with it?
What does Limit 1 Claim per eligible product per household exactly mean?
What all expenses can I claim as an independent contractor working from home?
Parents borrowing tons of money to keep me in an expensive private university, how to talk them about other options like trade/vocational programs? (MAL)
Going back to school. Good idea or not?
In America, where can I live cheaply but still have good location?
Getting a car with bad credit and a good job, what are my options?
Buy a used dealership car, or buy privately? (AUS)
Is there a downside to investing part of my emergency fund into a 401k?
Going back to school. Good idea?
Should I stay with my current car loan terms, refinance for lower payment/interest rate but for a longer term, or trade it in for a less expensive lease?
How does having 2 derogatory marks affect me?
New job offers retirement. I've never had this option. 9-month job at university. What questions do I ask HR, how do I decide what to do?
Trying to get a used car loan. I have good credit and a reliable history with my bank and still got denied. Options?
How do I interpret Mint's 'Track Investments' graph?
Why is my credit score dropping?
What can a debt consolidation lawyer do for me?
Moving back to Australia from USA, the best way to transfer my savings?
I was given a $100 check to hold a car I was selling, now he's backing out on the sale. Do I keep the check?
Is bankruptcy the right option for me here?
Negotiating with Insurance after new car is totaled?
Starting grad school and my parents are now offering to pay my bills... how do I handle it?
Bankruptcy or Wait It Out?
Help. Should I Pay the Mortgage Off?
How will it affect my life (and the life of my son) to marry my fiscally irresponsible boyfriend?
What determines the APR for private student loans?
How do I get a grip on all this stuff? Just look at it a little more each day?
I make payments on student loans which are in my parents' names. Am I required to disclose these payments when I apply for a mortgage, and if so, will they reduce the amount that I am permitted to borrow?
Have 401a, next step 401k, Roth, 457b or 403b?
No debt for first time in 7 years. Currently have 1 credit card completely paid off - do I get one more?
Co-paying a mortgage that doesn't have my name, can I deduct mortgage interest paid in my personal return?
What are the best ways to shop for home &amp; auto insurance?
On buying cars - does the dealer prefer that you pay cash or finance?
Has anyone gone through the Online Trading Academy program?
18 Story condo going up next to my apartment I recently purchased. Do I try "sell quickly" ?
Have you ever sued someone or been sued ? What was the experience like ?
Making renter's insurance claims on valuables w/o specific coverage by the insurer? What do I need?
What's the best credit card for a Canadian living in the US?
Get World Mastercard CC just for rental insurance in Ireland?
How to add joint bank accounts in Mint?
Can I re-deposit a cashiers check into the account it was drawn from?
How will almost maxing out a credit card (but paying in full every month) affect my credit score?
New job or partnership at my current company?
What constitutes a "good" salary?
Paying off debt by interest rate, even if account has the lowest balance?
Is it rude/ unheard of to ask that rent be paid according to income?
What are some Great apps for personal finance?
Pension Lump Sum Payment?
Buyer advice? Since the housing market is now generally considered inflated, is now bad a time to buy a condo or small first home? Have a VA loan pre-approved w a lender but concerned about another bubble bursting.
BRCLYSBANKDE showing up as new account on Credit Karma report?
I just got my first real job, should I pay as much as I can now for my student loans or should I pay a little less and start saving?
How to diversity my retirement portfolio, and how much insurance do I need? (long)
I'm about to be a dad, and I need your help, Reddit! What long term investments should I make that will benefit my family later on in life?
I was fired from my job in March. However I am still owed a commission check. How long does it take to receive your final commission check?
I have retirement savings split among three different accounts. Is it worth the trouble to consolidate them?
I need help figuring out what to do with my truck that I can no longer afford payments on. Anyone want to help tackle my situation?
How much money before you 'let it go'?
How to manage "our" PF? (Belgium)
Maternity leave as a 1099 contractor?
Should I trade in my car?
I'm paying ahead on loans. Paying extra goes towards future interest then principle. I think I should change this setting to goes to principle alone; should I?
Is credit rating in Europe as important/emphasized as in the US?
Should I make individual contributions to my 401k if I plan to live outside the US when I retire?
Denied for student credit card, reconsideration line no help. Next step?
$25,000 in the bank, needed in 10 months to close on a house. What should I do with it?
I'm a 23 M looking for car insurance on a car in Ontario, Canada. The insurance quotes I have received online have ranged from $3,200 to $6,000. Is there anyway for me to avoid this madness and get a lower price?
What income amount would I need for a million dollar home to be a reasonable life choice?
This is how much I'm saving, is it enough?
No Mortgage, Low Salary - What Choices Can I Make to Improve My Situation?
Looking to challenge myself: best way to live on $3/day?
Incorporating soon. Resources to learn QuickBooks &amp; what I can write off?
What's the best way to spend Chase Freedom credit points?
Как инвестировать на рынке Forex?
Do I need to notify the bank that I'm switching car insurance?
Recommendations for saving my money? Saving account, money market, etc.?
I am a 25 year old IT worker who has just unexpectedly left his job of 6 years, I have money saved up, some assets and live at home, what should I do next? (AUS)
Should I ask for a raise as an intern?
How to split/reimburse costs between (former) significant others?
Can I be doing better with my 401k allocations?
Am I doing this right?
What should I do with the money I contributed to the pension fund now that I am leaving my job after one year?
I spend ~$5 a day eating out. Is it really that bad?
Be House Poor in order to get 2.99% Rate on Home Purchase, or Take 3.99% Rate to Pay Comfortably?
Converting a post-tax traditional IRA to Roth IRA?
Mortgage interest and writing it off come tax season. How does it work?
Married next year, buy or rent?
How can I prepare to move out of state?
401(k) Am I doing it right? Looking to make sure I’m allocated wisely.
Is a new car with substantial rebates a better deal than a used car?
Am I wasting my time? (UK, but not a country specific problem)
Can anyone lend me some insight?
Hello, Personalfinance. Long-time lurker, first-time poster. Need help. When to stop renting?
(US - MI) How to best withdraw money to pay for school from an IRA/MESP??
I've got two credit cards that are maxed, what's my best route to take?
Making 15 dollars an hour, 40 hours a week, what are some good tips on securing my financial future?
Are these 401k options terrible?
Do mortgage providers need to contact my work? (UK)
My little partner and I make 51,091 a year (after taxes &amp; benefit deductions). How much can we afford for a house?
Got married last month. Was left with a considerable amount of debt. What to do?
About to inherit £300000 ($500000)... what should I do?
529 or Roth for college savings?
I'm in a very weird predicament? (CA)
I am considering the purchase of a Lamborghini in the near future. What is an appropriate game plan?
Low income but need car asap for work. Is a joint auto loan the way to go?
Good idea to invest? (CA)
Why is it bad to pay for things like houses and cars all at once in cash?
How much should I be ok with spending?
Can you reinvest money made from intraday trades?
Where did/do you keep your "down payment" money when saving for a house?
What is the best (cost effective and legal) way to transfer money out of Australia to the United States?
Is a 40-60k salary OK?
What is the best way to rebuild credit using a secured credit card?
Where should I open a Roth IRA with bi-monthly deposits?
How do you keep track of subscription services?
Can't afford to pay off car, what do I do? Stop paying it?
Estranged father stole from my Charles Schwab account, what do I do?
How long to hold receipts? files? paper work?
What is a good investment and where can I start?
Being relocated with my job. How can I best use data to negotiate a new salary?
Using a credit card for buying a car?
19 College Student. Should I put money into a Roth now, or wait until I am employed in a career and an employer could possibly match my investment?
Should I reject the arbitration clause on my new credit card?
Turning a house into cash-flow?
What to do about company's terrible 401k options?
Mom took a CD left to me before I was 18. What should I do?
Does a Collections from 2009 that was paid off affect my credit?
Late Grandfather of 9 years left me a mutual fund; it has grown since. My family have given permission and full rights of it, I don't know what to do?
Getting married next year, buy or rent?
Is creating an Investment portfolio to make automatic payments on an auto loan a good idea?
401k: My company matches 100% the first 3% and then 50% matches the next 2%. What % of my salary should I be contributing the get the best deal?
Complicated financial aid situation. How much should I take out in student loans?
My 17 year old sister just got scammed by a Craigslist ad that "sold" her a car through an "eBay" motor protection program and MoneyPak. Is there anything I can do to reverse this?
(CA) Old business debts are to much. Looking into bankruptcy. Advice?
Where can I see my current student debt?
How should I handle my money in college?
College, loans, credit; what are my options?
Make bank account online or in person? (CA)
Is a savings account the best place to put $20k that I won't need for 5-18 months?
Inflation vs Loan Interest Payments - Don't pay down your loans?
Best way to save money? Tips and tricks? How to save money on student budget? Thanks!
Куда вложить деньги в 2014 чтобы заработать ?
What did/do with your money after you reached your Emergency Savings goal?
Steps to prepare for the future post-military?
Should we drop life insurance?
Some advice please?!
US Expat - Fully investing in index funds in lieu of a 401k/IRA?
~30k in savings bonds than span from 1980 to about 1995. What's the most prudent way to change these into an investment?
Getting started financially, as a married couple...how are we doing?
How much to put in a 529 plan?
I messed up choosing a place to live... am I stuck now?
I don't have money to pay for a root canal/crown for my back molar that I desperately need. Is there something I can do financially if I can't afford out of pocket costs?
Best APY Savings Account?
As an independent contractor, how do I pay taxes?
Applying for a credit card to earn rewards for gas - Sallie Mae turned me down, but I'm worried about applying to too many?
Can't get the math of my second pay stub to work out. Help explain?
does it make any sense to pay off a 0.9% loan early?
Will raising my HELOC limit increase my credit score?
What percent of my income should be dedicated to housing?
Consolidate to a 0%APR card but ruin credit?
Long Term Disability Insurance worth it?
I am finishing grad school, have never had a credit card with credit score of 725. What, if any, kind of credit card should I get?
Use foreign earned income exclusion or pay tax to gain access to tax-advantaged retirement accounts?
How much should one budget a year to own a small to medium sized dog?
I finally have a 401k. Any reason to move assets from my personal taxable account into the 401k?
Is there any way for an employer to take a match out of my 401(k)?
is it a smart decision for an international highschool student to get student loan to go to uni in the US?
I've lost 10 pounds in 5 days due to worrying about whether I should go through with buying my first house or not. What do you think reddit?
Refinance my car or get a new car?
Credit Card Rewards: Cash Back, Miles, or Points? Need help deciding for a new card.
to buy a boat or not?
Credit cards: kill or keep?
Best way to pay off credit cards?
Currently own my home and possibly relocating. What are the implications of buying or renting in the new location?
Fiancé wants to take 20k out of 401k to buy Activision Blizzard stock - bad idea, right?
Student Loans... where do I begin?
Does Credit Utilization matter if you pay the full balance on time every month?
Best credit card to get?
So I figured out why I'm always broke. Now how to fix it?
How should I inventory items for insurance?
Paying for a Post Bacc - Small Loan, Credit Card, Other?
Is it better to contribute a full $5,500 contribution to a single IRA, or contribute $2,750 to two IRAs?
Higher Taxes on Bonuses?
Please help! I need a very small personal loan but my bank did not approve because I dont have credit. What can I do?
Will being an authorized user on my parent's credit card help me get a card of my own?
What are some things I can do to teach my very young son fiscal responsibility?
Does my budget fit buying a used car? [23m]
I carried a balance past my due date, but only for one day. I paid most of it by the due date and the rest the next day. My interest rate is something like 17 percent or whatever. Am I now it with a 17% fee of whatever carried?
Phishing scam: how bad did I mess up and what next?
My mother died 18 months ago. I haven't lived with her/been a dependent in ~25 years (I am 39) -- Today I got a "statement" from the city of Sacramento stating I owe $6,000 on her behalf. What do?
Should I liquidate my Total Control Account?
In dire need of money after my wife just left, is it possible to pull cash out of a 403b?
I may have the next best thing in terms of "business". But need advice on Finance. What should I do about this?
How are a bunch of my 23/24 year old peers affording houses and children?
IRA or 401k?
I'm a recent college grad with my first full time job, is my budget reasonable?
Friend's husband in hospital - anything she can do to protect herself financially?
Just won ~$15k in a lottery, best action?
Can a mortgage company do this? (please help)
Is it a good idea to ask my bank to increase my credit limit?. Or wait until they offer?
I'm transferring from a community college to university in a month and I would like to open up a credit card for only groceries and small purchases. What's the best one out there right now for my situation?
Should my spouse and I invest our 401k's differently?
What's the best lease deal negotiate?
I'm an Art Student, I'm bankrupt, and I need to make and save some money.... Any Tips or Guides?
After I cash out my stock options , where should I put the money? (X/posted Question from /r/investing)
Got billed $2,100 for a 3 mile ambulance ride. What are my options?
I'm 18, and it's very likely for me to get cancer in the future. Should I still invest in retirement?
What can I do with my money?
How can I access my daylight savings account?
First Time Car Buyer. Are there rule of thumb? [Canada]
How big of a windfall would make you want to seek a financial advisor?
I'm a supervisor and I found out my assistant makes more than me. How do I use this to negotiation a raise?
fidelity fixed income option?
Building credit score as a college student? Should I or should not get a credit card?
What are your thoughts on the company, Rise Credit?
Gf just quit job, doesn't want to buy her stock options, should I buy them?
Maxed out my 401k contribution for the year - what next?
How much should I have saved up to move downtown Toronto and live comfortably? (Renting)
Does anyone have any credit card payoff success stories?
I make roughly 45k a year. Spend about $700 on rent and have no debt. What is a good price range I should be looking at for a car?
Which type of income are tax deductions taken from?
is investing with only one index fund provider risky?
I'm 44. Can someone take a look at my 401k investment options and help me choose what to invest in?
Can long term capital gains tax move you into a higher tax bracket?
What mechanism allowed a retailer to create a collection account because of a negative review?
Going back to school, going to be hard on my finance. How can I deal with this?
Can I get a quick 401K review?
Should I rollover my 401k to a traditional IRA?
I've been at my company for a year, how big of a raise should I ask for?
About to take a 50% pay increase, what to do with the extra money?
Does the expense ratio for a targeted retirement fund include the expense ratios for the underlying funds?
Got phished. What now?
College student. Should I change my bank/CC addresses to my college? Will it affect my credit history?
How quickly after paying my credit card bill does my available credit go back up? (CA)
Starting a Roth IRA at 18 as a dependent. What actions are necessary?
What options do I have that are short-term and low-risk?
Best way to save when tuition is $31,000 per year with no scholarships?
Wife is an unemployed student. Can I still open a Roth IRA for her and contribute money into it?
Graduated college. saving up some money. Looking for a better car. Is 15k too much to spend?
Is a 401k Rollover always a good call when you change jobs?
Should I lease a car?
Sharing a mortgage with my sister and I want to pay off my half: how should I do this?
Best way to split groceries/expenses with a roommate?
About to open up my Roth 401(k) with the new employer. Should I go with a pre-selected portfolio?
Parents added me to one of their credit cards 6 years ago. Should I remove myself?
How long did it take you to save up emergency funds?
Is it worth having this secured credit card?
Is buying a condo a terrible idea for me?
Wife and I are selling the house to move in with her parents and save for a downpayment. Where's the best place to park our income to make it work the hardest and get the best "bang for our buck"?
Could someone please explain to me in simple terms the differences between these types of loans (Dl Special Consol Stafford, Direct Sub Stafford Loan, etc.)?
Should I bother filing this year?
Thoughts on moving to a new state with no job lined up?
Should I GTHO of Atlantic City?
Investing in parent's unused/underutilized Roth IRA to avoid capital gains tax? Is this all kosher?
Interest Charge on Purchases?
What's the deal with Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Stock?
If I know that I want to trade in my vehicle for another, is it better to do it sooner rather than later?
Need advice on whether I should I take out another student loan or use my savings?
How long does it take to build your credit score from good to excellent?
Friend sold his car to lease a Mazda 3. Is that a financially sound decision?
401(k). Am I doing it right? I'm 32.
Pay off low-interest student loans or open Roth IRA?
"What is the best savings account?" seems to get asked quite frequently so I thought I would share my experience attempting to answer this. Warning: Long post. Spoiler: It's Ally
Visa notifies BofA of breach, anyone know more than I do?
My GF inherited $60k. What to do?
For a student loan. Don't need the money like I thought. Return it, keep it in savings, or invest it?
What does "Declaring an emergency" mean for homeowners?
Was I punished for canceling my myfico.com subscription or am I just being paranoid?
Roll over Roth 401k into TSP?
Boss gave me company credit card with my name on it, how does this work? Does his payment or non-payment of bills effect my credit?
Opened my first credit card about a month ago and I already have a credit score?
How do I change my attitude about money?
Can I Afford to Keep My Apartment?
How do I find out how much my employer makes?
Prod cons of roth IRA vs traditional IRA?
Do insurance companies do a hard pull when quoting Home Owners insurance?
Retirement funds for a 24 year old?
About to craigslist a car. How can talk down a seller asking for too much? Is KBB a good resource to value used cars?
is it smart to re-fiance a mortgage?
Is it possible to buy your own debt? Could one open their own collections agency and report on themselves?
About to craigslist a car. Is Kelly Blue Book still a reliable source to value used cans and if so, how can I talk down a seller asking too much?
How does the standard of living in my area affect my ability to pay off debt?
About to craigslist a car. Is Kelly Blue Book a reliable resource to value used cars and if so, how can you talk down a seller asking too much?
Looking to save money, should I trade these cars?
[Venting] Would like to go back in time to 2006 and punch myself in the face for buying this timeshare, which I found out today got sent to collections. Not expecting much (like I said, venting) but does anyone have any advice? AKA don't ever buy a timeshare.
Is there any point having a savings account if the interest is the same-as/lower-than inflation?
RRSPs - yay or nay? (Canada)
Credit limit increased without notice?
When to re-apply for credit card?
What is the best place to put my kid's college savings ?
Should I build a bigger emergency fund or pay off debt?
Has anyone had trouble with pending purchases in Mint showing up as credits instead of debits? I recently opened up a Chase Sapphire Preferred, and this is driving me nuts.
I just moved to a new state (WA) for a job and currently looking for a new bank. Should I go with one of the big four banks or a Credit Union. Pros and cons of each?
$870 extra per month. How would you divide it between savings and debt?
Best place for currency exchange?
Deplete savings on a used car?
My SO wants to use her biological father for the FAFSA to get more money through government financial aid. The guy won't even pay child support and she's said it before, "He's the scum of the earth." Would it be a good idea to associate herself with him in this financial decision?
Why is it better to invest rather than pay off a mortgage?
Long term, "windfall" budget templates?
Parents of PF, what did you do wrong before having your first child (financially)? What did you do right? What's the one thing you would change?
Is anyone in PF familiar with SCRA ins and outs?
First-time homebuyer. How do I do this?
Is this smart to do?
Should I pay off my car loan?
Am I calculating my net worth properly?
Does the SCRA apply to student loans under my spouses name?
What are some surprise expenses of buying a house?
Would it be better (financially speaking) to join the military part way through college or finish college and then enlist?
Are secured credit cards my only option?
I had a hard pull last week for increasing my credit limit on my only CC. I want to apply for a new card today since using two cards will improve my credit, but should I wait?
Considering getting a credit card for cash advances to float some bills before new job starts kicking in. Awful idea or awful idea?
How can a minor(13) go about setting up an online store?
Best online bank while traveling abroad?
College Student in Debt - What should I be doing to now to ensure a bright financial future for myself?
College student credit card: Under own name or parents?
Got denied a Chase Freedom Card; what do I do next?
Review My Budget? ( Union County, NJ)
Am I diversified enough in my 401k / savings?
What are some ways to shelter or write off income made from independent consulting?
Getting married, spouse is from Germany, I have not great credit, she has no credit history in US, how do we start out on the right credit foot?
I'm a dependent on my parents and a full-time student, but also an independent contractor. How do I file?
Is there a benefit to depositing paychecks into savings account, then moving some to checking or vice versa?
How do I transfer an index fund from a non retirement account to a Roth IRA?
Lexus or Toyota?
Car Loan with Various Part-time Jobs?
I Have 12,0000 dollars and am going to be around 16,000 at the end of summer i dont know what to do with other than buy a car? AAannd im only 16.
Year-round online tax planning service?
Торговля на Форекс. Что нужно для успешной торговли?
$1,000 per month to either invest or repay student loans over 20 years. Which is the best option?
[USA] Suddenly making a lot of side income. Should I form an LLC? How do I pay the IRS quarterly taxes?
How to manage my (reasonable amount of) debt?
Small Debt- pay now or continue sustained payments?
Check App says bill was paid, but there's nothing on my account?
Best time to apply for a credit card when starting a new job after school?
College student making $19k, what do I do with it?
Do I need disability insurance?
Investing in PYSAX?
Increasing mortgage payments to eliminate PMI, or keep following "avalanche" to repay higher-interest debt?
Best way to save for a kid?
Frugal way to own a hybrid? Or just get a cheap GDI car?
Is my budget reasonable? (grad student, living in boston).
Best way to save money?
Anyone use motif investing? Thoughts?
What information should I keep copies of throughout the year for when tax time comes around?
How can I help my mother retire?
Debt Consolidation?
What are my options for my vacant rental property that won't sell?
Un-vested funds when moving to a different part of the same company?
Trading in used car with negative equity for a new car that has a lower APR?
How do I get my husband to quit being so financially conservative? You can't make money without taking risks.
ELI5 what these percentages mean towards a 401k plan?
Consolidating/refinancing student loans?
Paying off student loans, advice?
Putting someone's name to avoid high rental security deposit. Similar to co-sign, but not co-sign? Does this exist?
What to do next?
Starting from zero and late in life, how can I give myself &amp; daughter a good future?
Turning 17 soon.. Anything I can do with $3500 and a soon to be $10/hour job to make the most of it?
Company matched contributions are being invested in company's common stock... Should I change that?
I was mailed a check for a sizable amount of money, I have no idea what it is for. What should I do?
(US) Private student loan company taking me to court. What are my options?
Buying shares should I buy on my low income or family member with higher income?
I am 16 (almost 17) and ready to move out. What do I need to do?
WTF to do with big bump in income (2x)?
Which funds to choose for my 403b?
Account closed, incoming bill. What to do? (US)
As a high school student preparing for college in the US, is there any honest financial advice that you wish someone had told you before?
What options are open to a person like Robin Williams to stop his alimony payments, or resolve that financial situation in any way?
Торговля на рынке Forex – хобби или профессия? Бесплатное обучение - Доверительное управление: FOREX и ценные бумаги
Need some help: possible to buy car with credit card?
Cost of living with roommates?
Инвестиции капитала. Что необходимо знать ?
Anyone have experience trying to upgrade a credit card? (in particular capital one venture)
What do you think about keeping emergency fund in a low-risk bond ETF?
Am I saving my money properly to prepare for retirement?
In debt, but ambitious. Should I get out of debt or begin investing?
Does completely paying off your credit card every week help your credit?
Migrating to US, starting consultancy business. Which state should I move to?
What are some of the best financial decisions one can make at 18 that will be the most beneficial later in life?
No expenses--how big should my emergency fund be?
In layman terms, what is a 401(k) Deferral Percentage? How do I find it?
Is it legal for my apartment management to charge me a full months rent and not let me move in until the 18th? (OH)
Retirement monthly savings enough?
If a parent has cosigned a credit and with me do I still build credit?
Double taxation for repayment of 401k loans?
Is there somewhere I can throw my money into a little at a time and watch it grow?
I'm 24 and keep all of my income in a USAA checking account... should I be doing something different?
When living paycheck to paycheck, what's the best way to save?
Should I fight with the credit bureau to get my name off of my dad's credit cards, or embrace the positives?
Need financial advice on tuition/ living expenses while returning to college at 29 years old.. how do people do it???
(UK/NZ) Should I pay off part of my student loan with savings or transfer funds to UK/invest/leave in saving account? HELP!
If you won the lottery does it make better sense to take the lump sum or payments over 20 year?
Helping my Parents with Retirement Savings. Any Advice?
I want to save money for the down payment of a new house. Where should I put my savings?
Does anyone know of a online bank that offers joint checking accounts?
Sorry if this has been asked before- Are there any loopholes in the books regarding filing my FASFA as Independent vs. Dependent?
(Loans) Which is preferable when making extra payments: pushing out the next due date or paying down the principal?
Should I open a 529?
Got a Visa Blackcard offer. Does anything make it special? Why/why not should I do it?
Opinions/stories on the best credit card reward programs?
Favorite credit cards for rewards/cash back?
Berkeley graduate living paycheck to paycheck in San Francisco. It sounds ridiculous because it is. Take a look at my budget?
How much percentage of wealth to keep in cash?
What's stopping a person (especially those close to death with no estate and/or family) from racking up huge credit card debt and just holding it until they die?
Is employer-funded health insurance taxable?
Pay-down truck with higher interest rate or mortgage for quicker home ownership?
Does it make sense to get a car loan if I can pay in cash?
PLEASE HELP! Will there be credit score backlash?
Looking for some input: Should I quit my second job?
Setting myself up for financial success? Suggestions? (Canada)
Friend and I want to save money during college, what is the best method?
Im only 16 and not sure what to do with my savings?
My mom is 53 and does not have a 401k. What should she do to prepare for retirement?
401(k) or IRA? Not sure where I should invest more
Will my credit score / debt keep me from getting a security clearance?
In Medical School (loans) - Pay off Interest/Loans first or Put in 401K/IRA?
Paying off my debt - am I on the right track? Suggestions welcome!
I have roughly $10,000 in my IRA and have recently quit my job. What now?
What is the best way to save money while acquiring more at the same time?
Need a loan for a new (to me) used car. Looking to get around $3000. I have 0 credit history, what are my options?
How much rent can I afford, first "real" job edition?
Any reason I should not buy a 30k car?
Currently have a savings account that gives me a .01% interest return. I know I'll have at least $500 in savings for a while -- where's a better place to put it?
Any good interest free credit cards?
Helping Parents Save for Retirement. Any Advice?
How do I "shop" for a quality credit card?
College credit card rolled over into higher limit but no benefits. Can I negotiate?
How many of you use Ting or any other kinds of services similiar?
How do I afford school?
Grants or Scholarships for college?
Stuck unable to work for 3-6 more months due to my 2nd heart transplant- how do I make money in order to survive? Vague question but I'm a clueless 19 year old.
New debit card resulted in a missed gym payment. Should I be worried?
Just opened my Vanguard account with a few questions (Time of year to invest in mutual funds? Depositing $ into Roth IRA in one fell swoop?)
Found a credit card opened under my name, what options do I have?
New To Me Car in my Future: Dip Into EF for Down Payment?
Where are some good places for a 17 year old starting college applications to learn about finance, loans, etc?
Unknown 9K in student loan ruined my credit score. Completely paid off loan but how do I raise my score of 610 without any current lines of credit?
19 year old with child, where do I go from here? SEEKING ADVICE
Any chance of helping my stupid dad?
Arranged flatshare with friend at uni while I was on exchange. While I was away, he paid the deposit (£1550), then he failed uni and the flat was remarketed. Now he wants me to pay him half of the deposit. What can I do?
I am renting out 2nd bedroom to a stranger. Am I doing this right?
I am a 21 y/o waiter. Is it worth asking the restaurant owner if he'll match 401(k) contributions or is that idiotic?
College senior on track to graduating in May, English major, is there any hope for getting a decent job?
My previous employer wants me to contract back to them, do I need to setup an LLC and with hold my earnings?
What is the best almost-safe investiment?
Does anyone have a spreadsheet template that I can use like unburyme but that I can actually save and update over time?
Can someone explain the Alternative Minimum Tax to me like I am a child?
Have a $500 Saving Bond Issued in 1991, now worth $785. Barely getting by in my DC Internship, and it would help a lot to cash it to take some pressure off... Is that a stupid idea? When *should* one cash a savings bond?
Got my first (proper) job, is my plan good enough? (UK)
Should I take the chance to move out?
25 year old in entry level job just became eligible for 401k. No idea where to put my money although I believe I should be investing aggressively. Can anyone take a look and offer your advice? I have no idea where to start.
Do you trust the government to keep its promises (wrt retirement planning/investing)?
How do I undo the damage I did trying to maintain an overly expensive lifestyle? I'm putting the party girl life behind me, but now I need to fix my savings.
My parents won't dump their toxic financial advisor. What do I do?
Should I buy all of these expensive textbooks for school?
Has anyone tried LendingClub? What are you experience? What would be your advice?
Thoughts on USAA?
Advice on withdrawing 401k to cover Credit Card Debt?
Roth IRA / 401K - most guides are like reading a foreign language for me. Help?
Just got a job offer over the phone. How do I negotiate from here?
18 y/o with savings &amp; aspiring entrepreneur , Advice?
Some advice regarding 401k?
Already Maxing Out Roth IRA, But Employer Doesn't Match 401K. What Should I do?
Father has terminal illness, mother hasn't worked in 30 years...how to make ends meet?
My parents hid my student loan bills from me and made some payments, but not all of them. I have the money currently to pay off the delinquencies, but would just like to remove the ~160 day past due black marks off my credit report. What would the best way of going about this be?
College student made some money over the summer, should I invest it? How?
Term Life Insurance?
Rolling over a pension into IRA?
Goodwill letter/email to Kohls declined, next step?
Online Savings Accounts?
Is moving out feasible in my situation? (UK)
Sketchy family member wants me to take an account from him... What do I do?
Chase Freedom or Discover It? Both?
First real job: how should I start saving?
How did you pay for your PhD (or other graduate school) if your program wasn't funded?
How do I choose the right savings account?
Missed final payment on an Auto loan, final amount was waived, and now shows as a missed payment on credit report. Advice?
As a college student starting to earn my own money, what should I do with it?
Extended travel budgeting; to liquidate or not to liquidate? Any thoughts are welcome!
What is a good way to get some savings started for my kids?
Mother's Retirement Account. She died, how do I get it?
Vanguard Fund Allocation - Overweight International Stocks to meet Admiral status?
Transferring money internationally - China to US. What should I do/look out for?
Need input - how am I doing?
Employer won't allow me to come back to work after surgery, help?
Is refinancing worth it?
Helping pay SO's student loans?
I spend $2k per month. I earn 3.2% cash back. Can I get better?
I have roughly $2,800 to survive on for my first year of college. I still need to get books and such, but I think I can get a new phone. Is this a poor financial decision?
How long is "steady employment" when getting a loan?
When is interest charged for credit card debt?
Where and how do I invest repayment from a 20k loan?
Taking Nationwide's $200 signup for a while, then starting an alternative account at Ally after six months?
Should I restructure my Roth IRA?
Refusing to pay a collection?
How will closing a retail store credit card affect credit?
Should I pay off my student debt immediately?
Should I contact the IRS in my situation? Is it a good or bad idea?
How do I get debt collectors to stop harassing me? They are looking for my brother.
Is it worth paying my car off early? Need some advice.
19yrs old should I invest in the stock market?
Exiting a Whole Life Policy?
What is the purpose of this loan? What can I do?
When/Where is good to begin investing?
Transitional phase in life: Maxing out retirement? Open taxable account? (Background and $ stats contained within...)
Recent college grad making around 25K in nyc. What's my next step?
18M in Maryland. I work part time on top of school. What should I be doing with that money?
How will this work - Tax on personal fund transfer?
Is this typical for canada home insurance (TD)?
Should I pay off a credit card completely, which may set back other payments, or continue to pay for everything, and have a limited amount left over?
Cash for A Check to Avoid IRS?
How much federal tax would need to be paid on a $35,000 inheritance from a parent?
Open a Savings account?
Should I keep paying these Mutual of Omaha life insurance premiums? My mom keeps telling me I should, but I'm not sure.
Pet Insurance: Worth it?
Started working with an employment authorization document, now on H1-B. Advice on how to negotiate new salary?
Cashed cheque too early, help?
How much should I have saved up by 24/25?
I want to live in a van down by the river... literally! How can I do it right?
How often to creditors report to the three credit agencies?
Working as an external consultant for a US company in S. Korea. Where should I receive wages?
Need advice. Should i move out?
Can I plea for a lesser fine on my speeding ticket?
What happens to student loan debt after death?
Need beginner advice: do I have enough for this apartment?
HelloWallet outside US? Any experience? (BE)(EU)
What is your favorite/most successful way to increase your income?
(EU) about 2000USD in the bank, lost my job, next (last)paycheck is about 1800USD. 18M, living on my own. Monthly living costs about 300USD not counting gas, car insurance and unforseen costs. What should i do?
How to invest my money? (CH)
father has early onset dementia. keeps getting tax bills from business he owned. any relief?
Buying a house: put more than 20% down, or invest?
Can I use TaxACT to estimate and pay my quarterly taxes for independent contractor/fellowship pay?
Where does an HSA fit into my investment hierarchy?
Need to separate myself from my parents and their income, i'm 20 yrs old, never had a job and am a full time student in college (17 credits this next semester). is this feasible right now? or should i wait till i come up on a million dollar idea?
How bad is being several days late on a loan?
Just graduated from university. Can I get a temporary job while I'm searching for my permenant job?
How soon can I pay off my truck while still reaping the benefits of good credit?
Work only offers 401k with no match..currently not contributing or have anything in savings. Where should I be putting money away for some kind of retirement?
How am I doing?
Eligible for both HSA and Parent's Health Insurance?
What is a Derivative?
Move cities or payoff loan debt?
My HSA has a poor selection of Mutual Funds. Am I better off just using it to pay medical expenses and investing in a taxable account instead?
[US] Litigation finance Loan calculator for monthly compound rate?
~180k Income in NYC - How can I avoid the most taxes/save best for retirement?
XPOST Credit: Multiple Cards in 'x' months?
I have opportunity to get a separation package of 40k to quit my job. Should I take it?
Thoughts about high risk mutual funds?
Moving in with SO soon-- is it better to pay off all my student loans or be cautious?
any gurus spare some advice?
Advice for recent college grad?
What is the best course for me to getting a car?
How much would taking out a second auto loan effect a credit score?
pay of student loan student loan?
Good time to ask for a raise?
How can I [20 F] stop frittering so much money on bullshit/nothing?
What to do? I made a cash payment to a credit card and it hasn't credited the amount and it's been a whole week.
Retirement "gift" strategy for my toddler?
using a local bank in another region?
Debating about cashing out on my structured settlement. Is it worth it? Any advice?
Rent an apartment or stay with my parents?
Best way to finance a loan on my broken car?
Life Insurance?
Massive Jump in Credit Score After Opening Secured Credit Card. Low Credit Limit, Should I open Another?
Can I afford to purchase a home?
Do you have an opinion on manual input budgeting apps like Expense Manager or Financious?
(X-post from college) Fresh out of high school, going to local CC. Need a car - where do I begin?
Opinions on how I'm going to handle my money?
So do you think buying an old house for cheap is a waste of money or could potential save money? 50K cheap enough?
Share Incentives from my employer... worth it?
Trying to track finances on a spreadsheet. How do I calculate 401k interest over a period of years?
What kinds of things should I introduce college students to in terms of PF?
Dilemma - pay down car or credit card?
Is it a bad idea to pay a larger share of expenses so my boyfriend can put more money to his student loans?
Just figured out how much we've spent renting over 7 years, is buying worth it?
What's the best app for managing your spending and bills?
If I lived with my parents for the first 9 months of the year, but am now starting a full-time job and moving out, should I put 0 or 1 for the federal allowances when I fill out my new W4?
Should I build an above-garage apartment?
Buying a car. Need help understanding loans/payments. Credit union?
Small car accident: Report or pay out of pocket?
How should I pay upcoming tuition? Savings vs Line of Credit (CA)
Buying company stock - is it worth it?
I've become a professional dominatrix. How should my savings plan differ from the traditionally suggested Emergancy Fund-&gt;Debt-&gt;401k-&gt;Roth-&gt;529-&gt;brokerage account route?
Need to stop being so irresponsible with my money. Are these the first right steps to make?
If I leave teaching, what should I do about my retirement?
How screwed am I?
Should I continue receiving student loans even if I don't need them?
Want to buy a used car. What kind of loan do I want to take out?
What are the benefits of tax write-offs if you pay for the initial donation?
Should I resign from my job?
My misprinted checkbooks were thrown out in the normal trash. What should I do?
How to approach bf about paying backlog of rent/utilities/food since his move-in?
My car was totaled. How can I get the most out of the claim?
Am I being irresponsible? (Ugrad College student)
Help with unused airline credit?
GF was just offered a job with the a California State University (CSU). They are asking her about unions, fees, and a bunch of other things. Anyone have any knowledge of how this May impact her future earnings?
Shifting Loan Debt (Moronic Tuesday Question?)
Which should be my priority, paying off my car or maxing out my IRA?
Is there ever a reason to take specific investment advice from someone who isn't a fiduciary?
Hello, I'm considering an IUL for retirement. What objections can you guys think of?
30% of salary towards rent - before taxes or take home pay?
Best credit card for air miles / rewards?
What do I need to set up a scientific/technical consulting arrangement with my soon-to-be former employer?
I get paid 6 times a year. What's the best budgeting advice you can give me?
Should I take out a loan against my TSP to consolidate most of my other debt?
How do I effectively build credit?
Not the ususal "How much house can I afford?" question.
Switching from Wells Fargo to my local Credit Union, do I need to close out my accounts with W. Fargo?
Rolling old 401K into IRA?
If a debt collection agency takes you to court, will showing up and demanding evidence truly make the case "evaporate"?
How much money should I save before moving out?
Honest question: Why do you measure your income per year instead of something more practical like income per month?
Is there any advantage to having a credit card with your bank if the rates, fees, and rewards are practically the same on paper?
Where do I start?
How am I doing? Help me get my shit straight.
Any suggestions on how to make a budget? (CA)
Choice of Roadside assistance ? From AAA or your auto insurance provider ?
Insured Profits Review- Is it scams goes viral?
How to negotiate a higher starting salary in Boston?
What is your experience with Credit Unions?
Opening Traditional IRA in addition to Simple IRA?
401k, which funds to invest in?
Limited time offer on credit limit increase with AMEX, must provide new income, is this standard practice?
How change my family's views on credit cards?
Is 20% down on a mortgage really worthwhile in a low rate environment?
What should my money go towards? (recent med grad with lots of debt)
Should I sell my car? I'd have to scare up the difference.
USA Digital Publication | How Much Could You Save With Solar Panels from Arizona,Utah and Nevada ?
Should I keep all my accounts open?
What should I do now? Advice needed.
What happens to someone with no retirement savings?
Maintaining multiple savings accounts?
Should I pay off my student loans/car loan now?
My Credit Card Info is Compromised Several Times per Year. Anyone else?
New Yorkers: What percent of post-tax income do you spend on rent?
Should I consider not paying certain bills?
Already having savings accnt. Open another one?
Can someone please help answer my questions about IRAs?
Pay tuition with credit card?
Someone filed a 2013 tax return using my SSN. It wasn't me. Now what?
Am I just bad with money?
How should I go about settling a debt on an account thats been purchased by Midland Credit Management?
Funding Traditional IRA With Taxed Dollars?
I have 1 year until my condo is built. Still living at home. What should I do this year? (CA)
Offered a credit limit increase, should I take it?
Looking at Simple Bank, what are the downsides?
Problems with credit repair agencies?
Is a loan officer of a correspondent lender trustworthy?
What to do with student loans (federal) after receiving substantial scholarship?
How to repay loans and save in 401(k) simultaneously?
Potentially homeless within a year, what should I do next?
UK based student looking to save. Advice please?
Looking for car advice: Got a new job and need a car for 3 months. What should I do?
How best to surrender variable annuity life insurance policy and make use of the money?
Seniors of Reddit, how much is enough for retirement?
Advice for Roth IRA bond allocation?
Should I sell my house to pay off student loan debt? Details inside.
Declined for a HELOC because of insufficient credit?
What is the best way to insure a derogatory mark from an account in collections is removed?
What are the best sites to find personal loans?
24 years old - mortgage, car loan, credit cards. Help me sort things out?
Can I talk my landlord into letting me rent to own the house I rent?
What if I don't get enough loan money/grants for college?
How would you allocate here?
Will having a cosigner get us a lower APR on a car loan? And other questions [MA]
How do stocks work exactly?... break it down it for me, please.
Is there anyway, other than debt consolidation, to help with student loans?
20% deposit on mortgage? Even if mortgage + PMI is a lot cheaper than the cheapest rent you can find?
what to do with 401k from old employer?
Can afford 1000 a month house payment, but what else do I need to know?
I received a pre-approval credit card offer in the mail. For shits and giggles I opened the mailer, and OMG! these rates are awful! How is this legal?
car cosigning disaster: is there a way out?
How do investors invest in startups?
Post Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Credit Card?
Purchased computer off company who have gone into Voluntary Administration (AU). What will happen with my order?
Have any of you successfully made investments together with friends/family?
Prior company pension plan rolled over to new bank. Best options?
Anybody else get their class action settlement check for Prosper?
Should my dad close this credit card?
Over $1600/month left over after expenses. No debt + exceeding company match on 401(k). What should I do?
Denied Employee referral bonus - any recourse?
Is there a way to pay off credit card debt using American Express rewards cards?
Over $1600/month left over after expenses. No debt + exceeding company match on 401(k). What should I do?
Feeling overwhelmed. What tips/advice would you recommend?
I am moving from Colombia to the United States in two weeks, any financial advice? (CO) -&gt; (US)
Are travel cards a scam?
Is this the proper net pay for me in NYC?
Buy, or rent? Paid advisors cannot be trusted.
Reevaluating my 401k allocation, Advice?
If I am making consistent payments on a loan, can I keep my credit card balance at $0 without it looking like I'm not utilizing credit?
Trying to help out a friend who's wife just had a stroke, what options are out there for him?
Should I open a 2nd credit card?
Do you want to gain huge profits from the biggest market? Here we offer the best strategy &amp; marketing consulting for you to get the Greater China Market. Please contact us - Princetonchina@yeah.net
How important is a good credit rating juxtaposed to a poor one? (AU)
full-time college student making minimum wage, 11 hours a week, how to get by?
What does "Up to % matching" in 401k means?
Any tips for exchanging currency and minimising financial loss?
Left my wallet on a public transit bus, didn't get it back for an hour. Should I get new credit cards?
Holding off on paying student loan interest until the grace period ends; good or bad idea?
What's Your Interest Rate Breaking Point?
Impact of credit score on mortgage rate?
Trade after engine trouble or roll the dice?
Should I buy a home (condo)?
Vanguard hits $3 trillion AUM. What's next?
What Vanguard funds to invest in my 401K?
Is trading in a car ever worth it?
12 year history on single credit card, change now for better benefits?
Credit Karma says my credit history is too short. This is apparently based on an average of all accounts. Can I close down some of my middle aged accounts to improve my score? These are accounts I no longer use.
I get 1% cash back on my debit card. Could I stack rewards by getting a credit card?
Savings Account - Credit Check?
Bought tickets to an event, event got cancelled but service fees won't be refunded. Would a CC chargeback get me my money back?
Settling car damage outside insurance?
I am a new homeowner, what are worst case scenarios for equipment failures?
How exactly does one focus on repaying highest rate student loans?
In your opinion can you see any fault in this offer?
21, $12k in savings from working over the summer: Where to put it? (US)
Is Vanguard the be all end all? (Vs. TIAA-CREF)
Job Hunting...but how do i leave a pension?
Cash in stock options or hold on to them?
Anyone else have their emergency fund in a Roth IRA?
[US] Does it make sense to go for a loan even if I have the cash to buy an used car?
Eat, drink and be merry, and get paid for it - #Homebiz #WAHM Online Business, YOUR OPINIONS?
Wells Fargo Rewards - waste of time?
How can I be able to break an apartment lease and not be a co-signer of a car loan?
When should you stay home and when should you go to work sick?
Had Chase United Explorer card, just received Chase Sapphire Preferred card, what do?
Are there any truly legit work from home opportunities online? I need a game changer, think you can help me out Reddit?
Paying for a better college...worth it?
r/pf, can we play devils advocate for a moment re: bogleheads/three fund strategy?
Trying to get my first credit card, but I think my credit report is wrong?
How long does it take to automatically cancel a check?
What is the best way to build credit as someone with no credit history?
I just received a consumer loan to pay off my credit card debt. How should I pay down the debt to improve my credit score the most?
I have ~$3k in a Scottrade account invested in one company that my father set up. Should I keep it there, or withdraw it and put into savings/emergency fund?
is it worth rolling my Roth IRA over?
I have no credit, where do I start?
Mortgage Likelihood - 1 Year of unemployment, and a kick ass job offer in a new city.... Is it realistic that I would actually get a mortgage?
Use inheritance money to pay off mortgage?
Is my credit score good enough for Discover?
Does Overdrafting harm my credit?
Am I on the right track?
Should I periodically move my company 401K savings into Vanguard?
Credit Card Debt Consolidation Loans. Are there any out there that are worth it?
Canadian considering working in Washington State: Tax implications and is this a good idea?
Should i Pay?
If you received a sizable bonus each year, and your EF was ample, your 401k was maxed to match, and your Roth was full. What would you do with the money?
Finally made my get out of debt plan, what do you think?
Should I refinance?
Etrade?
Help, I have a large sum of money just sitting in my checkings account. Better alternatives?
Additional questions about sudden windfall income?
Conversion of 401(k) to Roth IRA count as earned income?
Private student loan options?
My mother does not file for taxes, but has social security income. How does this affect me for FAFSA?
Inheriting jewelry: worth keeping as a long-term investment or sell them?
Will a lack of an installment loan on my credit history be looked down upon by a potential home mortgage lender?
Zero credit, am a student with a summer job. Which card to get?
Can't Buy VTI ETF in my Vanguard Roth IRA??
Had my Learners Permit stolen from glovebox, should I worry about anything?
Looking to buy a house: Will paying off old debt help boost my credit score?
I'm thinking about putting my part of my emergency fund in my vanguard account. Is there a extremely low risk fund I can put it in that will make ~1%?
How best to surrender variable annuity life insurance policy and make use of the money?
Amazon's giving $30 credit to anyone who gets an Amazon credit card... what's the catch?
If my brother is quitting his job for another in 3 months, should he still enroll in his current company's 401k?
What to do with surprise Savings Bonds from another life?
For a rough estimate of a budget, does this sound alright?
Is a (Roth) 401k worth it with no matching?
How much rent can I afford?
Term Life Insurance Questions - Increasing Policy Amounts Over Time &amp; Level vs. Variable Premiums?
Any experiences with SallieMae Cosigner release?
Near-maxed cards and credit rating..where do I stand?
what is the best way to get travel insurance?
Should I get a new card?
Loan Forgiveness Programs?
$10k to payoff some debt or invest, which would you choose?
Why not try to asking for help?
Grandma died. Inherited money isn't reported. IRS wants $16,000...Is my dad screwed? Please help!
Are there any real online jobs?
I have $10,500 to invest in both a Roth IRA for retirement and a mutual fund for the future, but not quite so distant future- how should I invest?
Lost my job. How long can I survive?
Which job should I go with?
Does leasing make sense for electronic vehicles (I'll try my best to detail the numbers)?
How am I doing?
Did i just lowballed my salary? Help!
Advice on Car Dealership Buy-Back Events?
Lost job, car payment and credit card debt. Help please?
Should you buy a car or property first?
(CA) Banking folders for saving?
Should my employer account for taxes when reimbursing paid time off?
Are there any must-follow Twitter accounts for personal finance?
Advice for my parents? They are separated, not yet divorced and they are being buried financially because of medical bills and conditions preventing them from working.
Pay for delete or wait it out?
Chase changed my CC payment date without me asking and without informing me. Is this normal?
[Advanced] Is tax bracket comparison (Now vs Retirement) the only thing to consider in Roth Vs Traditional?
Should I refinance auto-loan at higher loan amount to get check to pay off some credit card debt?
Could my credit score be taking a hit because of a paid off student loan?
Worth getting a Capital One credit card just to avoid foreign transaction fees?
University sport club wants to collect €130+ from my account for next school year's membership which I cancelled. How can I prevent it? (NL)
What cards to keep/cancel?
I inherited a Broker Dealer... what do I do?
Can someone make (or refer me to) a 195k pretax budget for me?
Great credit, but might not get approved for auto loan because lack of high credit limits in my history?
Does using a financial advisor actually help increase returns?
Cost of new car vs current gas and maintenance expenses?
Is there any reason paying some bills with my credit card is a bad idea? (USA)
Wife receiving a civil suit settlement - how should it be treated for taxes?
How should I deal with the car insurance company?
Applied for a credit card with BofA in order to build credit. Got turned down. Options?
Would it be better to keep several portfolios (between 15-70k, total balance ~200k) with different companies, or move everything into one fund family (vanguard)?
Acquiring a loan to pay for student loans - possible?
Should I trust the Credit Karma suggestion for a credit card?
How much should I save up for a down payment on a house? (CA)
The collectors have stopped sending out bills. Should I be concerned?
What is a better option than a Roth IRA through share builder for long term investment?
Pay off my 1.9% car loan early or invest the money? (US)
Can a credit card be used to pay student loans for the points?
Question: Should I incorporate as a small business for tax advantages if I do freelance work?
What is the best way to invest and start saving for a parent who is getting up in years, and has no retirement / income?
Receiving a settlement - do I just deposit it in my bank account? How much will I be taxed? I know next to nothing about personal finance, and I'd like to keep as much of it as I can.
Does this sound like a scam?
Can an acquiring company do anything with vested RSUs?
Is it possible to just pay/send money to someone's PayPal account, without having a PayPal account? (using a credit/debit card)
Can anyone convince me to stay with Chase? Thinking about changing banks.
Consolidated CC Debt? Cancel cards with annual fee?
Student loans are crippling me. I am paying ~$1300 a month. Is there any way to lower that number?
USAA, loans after irresponsibility?
First Time Investing. What Should I do?
Any alternatives to Schwab in US? Or a way around their credit check?
Best online bank account for internationals in U.S.?
New to credit cards, why do I never have zero balance despite repeatedly paying the full balance? Where does that missing money go?
Am I deluding myself about my ability to pay off 240k or 180k student loans?
Are there student loans that pay out directly to the borrower?
Help with Budgeting and Why Do We Feel Poor?
Paying off something as fast as possible VS Making minimum payments and paying off in full when you have all the money?
Not much money, but what should I do with it?
To prioritise saving for a house or investing? (20 yr old)
Is there a reconsideration line for Chase Freedom Card?
Question: Which loan repayment plan should I take on my student loans?
How long should credit be established to get a Freedom or Barclays SallieMae?
Sallie Mae is sending student loan to wrong school, should I be worried? (x/post from /r/studentloans)
Can someone explain IN DETAIL how credit card interest is calculated every month?
A relative set up some mutual funds in my name several years ago. Now that I am wanting to take control of my finances, can someone tell me if these two are good/bad?
Anyone have any experience with Palladian Bank?
I feel I need to repossess a financed vehicle I gave to my niece... Is there another way?
Does it make sense to sell your old car separately instead of using it as a trade-in?
Looking to buy a home... How much savings should we have on hand?
What should I do with my former employers ESPP stock?
Sending money to an international student from home?
I want to build my Credit Rating, from a dreadful one. How?
Should I get a bank account?
$40k Left On Mortgage @ 4.75%, option to transfer balance to a credit card at 1.99% - should I do it?
Budgeting advice needed. What's the best way to put money towards specific short term goals (e.g. buying a $1000 drum set in ten months) without opening several saving's accounts?
Where to put extra retirement fund money?
Diversity lifecycle fund?
Parents cut me off, one of 2 part time jobs slashed my hours and I'm nearly $2000 in CC debt, not to mention the $30k in student loans waiting to start payments. Help this recent grad get back above water?
Mortgage principal payment vs home improvement?
[Question] Can my apartment complex charge me for subleasing my apartment?
Money Market Account vs Bitcoin?
Banks sending student loan offers to my family's house through the mail, is there anything to worry about?
Receive a job offer but the salary is less than expected, how to ask for more without sounding greedy ?
Can I get a fully internet based job?
Do credit unions have cards for college students?
Looking for Someone? Find Anybody!
Investment analytics software?
Is it better to build or buy a home?
Main difference eCheck and Wire Transfer (GoDaddy)?
How many credit cards should I have?
Why are some banks no longer offering HSA's to the self-employed?
Should I buy an apartment in NYC?
Should I accept the entirety of my student loan? (UK)
I want to get a 4 year degree in 4 years but work full time. I can't save worth a crap. What kind of things can I try?
Is it better to pay off my loans in one giant payment, or make payments and invest the money in funds?
What to do with $15k knowing that I have a large inheritance on the near horizon?
Can someone help out with Index Funds? How do I learn everything about them?
It's taken me a year to prove myself at my job and finally the time has come, how do I ask for a pay rise? (CA)
EFT dividend payout, when does it happen?
Given my current financial situation, is it worth the risk to incur more student loan financial debt if it results in better quality of life and income down the road?
0% APR credit card period ending, safe to balance transfer $9k to another 0% APR card?
Financing Motorcycle. Better to finance through dealer or take out line of credit?
Employer going on vacation for two weeks. Can I claim temporary unemployment?
Rejected Job offer - however I'm really regretting it. Would I be looked down upon if I re-applied next year?
Fiancee has 200k in dental school loans, payoff now or later?
No credit and looking to start building credit, what should be my first step?
What is the best (economical) Wireless Family plan?
I keep getting raises without my boss telling me before I see it in my paycheck, how can I negotiate this?
Should I start a Roth Ira with low income and no 401k?
Don't know what to do with my extra money?
Long term/short term, saving for engagement, etc?
Any way to get private student loans with bad credit?
Am I too financially un-established to have a credit score? 19 y o, no credit cards, no loans, no bills, one savings account.
How can I pay off 23k worth of student loan debt, with a crap job?
What is the best way to manage the cost of my mental health care?
FHA 203K Loan disaster. It has been 3yrs and we are still trying to recover. Working toward a refinance now. Advice?
People that have Discover it card: How do I reject the arbitration portion of their terms? I'm signing up as a new cardholder and have 30 days to do so. Relevant info inside.
I have $35k I do not immediately need. Would it be wise to invest in broad market ETFs?
Is there any reason NOT to sign up for the Amazon credit card and get an instant $70 off my purchase? I have good credit and no debt. I can cancel immediately I am pretty sure. Thanks!
Paying off parents Credit Card Debt with Student Loan?
Just bounced my first rent cheque, what does this mean to me?
Credit card compromised for the 6th time this year. Why?
I am sitting on unpaid medical bills I can NOT afford that will end up in collections. I read through the FAQ but I still have some questions. Can I just not pay? If I wait the 7.5 years for my credit to reset, is that ok as long as I won't need a loan/mortgage/contract until that time?
Went over my credit card limit, how big of a fee am I about to get hit with?
Fund fees too high?
Alternative HSA administrator?
Can I have the money I put into a mutual fund?
I moved to a different state about two months ago and I've had my money in limbo with two separate banks for the past six weeks. Any advice?
No Credit History - Should I Worry?
saving for a down payment on another house - where should we keep our money?
Do I still have healthcare? Im so sorry if this isn't the right sub. Hopefully one of you can help. Downvote if you have to.
Do i still have healthcare?
What's your forecast on student loans?
How should my girlfriend and I organize our money?
What asset class when paying mortgage? Especially when paying extra into principal
23 and looking at travelling for approx 1 year, should i invest before I leave?
23, 120k in the bank and looking to travel. Would you invest before going abroad for approx 1 year?
24, going to back to school, about to receive several thousand dollars in financial aid+loans. should i apply for a credit card to pay for necessities and then immediately pay it back with the FA to build credit?
I missed my last payment on my cell phone bill. How will this affect my credit score?
Should I pay off 0% interest debt? (UK)
How can i do this? Tuition fees!
I'm a dual citizen and moving back to the US for the first time since I was a teen. How do I get a US credit card with no credit rating?
Business Expenses For Affiliate Marketing Revenue?
How would you make a budget if you don't earn the same amount every month?
120K in student loan debt. Wife is currently pulling 86K per year and expecting a slight increase. I will be in the medical field pulling in anywhere from 60-75K dependent upon the setting. Is my plan crazy?
Non-US Services Similar to Mint or Personal Capital?
Binary Matrix skilled Review-Legit Or Scam-Does Binary Matrix skilled Works?
Will removing an authorized user account from my credit report hurt my credit score?
Pay off my 6 year car loan after 1 year? Interest at 2.19% / Loan Originally ~17500
I have a student loans of ~$26,000 with $1,300 of accrued interest. I am still in the grace period but want to start paying it off now. Should I make a one time payment of my entire accrued interest and start making regular payments?
New job &amp; wanting to start retirement fund, among other goals. Advice?
Что необходимо для успешных инвестиций на валютном рынке?
How often can I view my credit score (with Credit Karma for instance) without it negatively affecting my credit score?
Canadian working in the US for short term - reducing taxable income?
Is some amount of debt good?
Late on filing taxes, will this affect my rental application when they do a background check?
Should I open a Roth IRA or stick with my Roth 401k?
When is a good time to sell my shares?
Is there any reason why I shouldn't invest my Traditional IRA in the same assets as my 401k?
What to do with $275k?
Can you help point me in the right direction?
Is a 401k the Best Option in my Case?
Quicken users: Is it worth buying?
I have a collection notice on my credit report for $172 and I wish to pay it, but how do i do this?
Canadian collection agency just decided to pick up the American student loan I speed paying. Suggestions for how to manage this situation?
I'm an independent contractor looking to rent for the first time. The application asks for my monthly income. What figure should I give if, in reality, it fluctuates? Also, will the complex likely have a problem with me working from home? (x-post r/self)
My credit score dropped that much?! And it's still dropping after a big improvement?!
Should I trade down to a cheaper car?
Are there situations that make it better or worse to spread debt unevenly between you and your partner?
In-Service Rollover? (401k)
Young Professional - Investing in Roth 401k, should I open an IRA?
Help with what I should do with my money now that I have a permanent full time job?
Considering buying a townhouse/condo in San Diego, financial details in post. Does buying make sense for me?
Wells Fargo Home Loan Nightmare, What Would You Do?
what to do with roth IRA now that I make more yearly than the maximum?
Where to invest next? Looking for Dividends / Cash Flow
Raise &amp; bonus: Pay off student loans faster, save more, or invest more?
My dad has a credit card that I am also linked to, will it effect my credit score in any way if he takes me off that account?
will i pay tax for a summer job before uni? (Uk)
(UK) Can I withdraw all of my student finance at the start of the year?
Two credit check institutions are giving me drastically different credit scores. Which one should I trust?
Financial Advisor/Investments?
Should I dispute my wrongful collection?
Personal finance software?
Just turned 23, put a 70,000$ down payment on my 340,000$ house, got 50,000$ in my savings, I gross 130-160,000 a year, and my only other debt is my truck. Now what?
Is it bad for me to use my parent's address as my mailing address?
401k funds good enough, or contribute to Roth IRA?
What's the catch with index funds (if any)?
Is there any reason I shouldn't open a checking account just for the bonus?
Which credit card should I pay off first?
"Upgrading" from a beginner credit card?
Should I take an interest free loan?
Baby on the way. Should I rent my home out?
I normally get about 2-3 thousand dollars back after I file my taxes.. How can I get that from my checks instead?
Should I be worried about how much I have left over a month?
Should I pay slightly less to my student loans and invest, or put it all in the loans?
Is it worth trading cars?
Pay off car loan or invest?
Roth IRA - Vanguard or Fidelity?
Financially, which would be better? Buying a new car? Or financing around 3-4k for 36 months?
Someone has my debit card number and is making HUGE purchases in my name. Help?
Business IRA not available until January. What to do?
What's going on?! Help!!
Starting over. What percentage of my income should I be saving per year?
Poll: 401k (no match) or 5.5% private student loan?
Should I pay off my car loan?
Buying a house. What's the best way to source money for a remodel?
Mutual Trust - First Investment ?
Do I spend to much on non-necessities?
Was my work scamming me?
Best way of going about fixing my identity fraud?
Temporarily increase 401k contribution?
Can I start a "Self-Directed IRA" with any company or only certain ones?
When does it make sense to replace a car?
What are the financial obligations of a (secondary) sponsor for a (spouse) visa? Need advice!
Do companies still offer relocation assistance?
Go all in on 401k, or split contributions between 401k and IRA?
Can you lower interest on student loans or refinance?
Estimation of car loan interest rate? Deciding between fully paying off student loans or paying a bigger down payment on a car
Should I leave money in my HSA or withdraw it for qualified expenses?
27 Male, Single, US... How am I doing, what should I be doing better?
Can restaurants be covered under a 529 plan?
Can I afford a home, if so how much home can I afford?
Is Oppenheimer Funds' front-end fees canceling out my employer contribution match? - I feel like I'm being ripped off... x-post r/Investing
Making ~180k/year as a single male - what is this magic to minimize my tax loss? (US, WA)
Sallie Mae incompetence, is there any solution?
I'm an investing newbie. Where can I invest my money, today, while I gain more experience?
What is a practical amount/percentage to net income to save?
Are financial advisers worth it in terms of investment strategies?
How should I split my contribution percentage among pre-tax and roth for my 401k?
What are my options beyond FAFSA for getting loans and other financial aid to pay for college?
Graduates of reddit, how much do you make a year and what do you do?
Won $200,000 in a personal injury lawsuit, What do I do? (srs replies only)
American Express Charge Cards?
[Question] [Discussion] How much of you have a credit card and how do use it?
Considering Wake Up Now, but is it a scam?
For people with U.S. Bank Cash+ Visa Signature Card, can you get 5% cash back on Amazon.com?
Ready to face my debt and start saving. How should I go about this?
Pay off rest of car loan asap or pay the minimums?
Abscess in roof of mouth with no Dental Insurance?
Have been using credit card with $500 limit for 4 years... is it possible for me to raise the limit on the same card, or should I apply for a new card?
Is whole life right for me?
Recent college grad with Debt, here's my plan (Any suggestions?)
How do I get the most from my emergency fund?
I just quit a job where I have a 401k, how can I continue contributing?
Being told to look into buying a house, but I don't want to feel tied down. Should I purchase property with intent to rent it out? Or is there something else I can do?
Question for /r/personalfinance: Why are we advising differently for small and large amounts of money?
Is mileage and phone reimbursement taxable?
Paypal wizards, why are Paypal skimming from my accepted payments, and how do I stop them / get my money back?
£29k in premium bonds. Better elsewhere?
Should I save my money for college, or to move out?
Consigned for my brother. Any help?
College student (Senior), got some money, should I pay off car or pay 1/2 of it off?
Rebuilding credit, am I making a good move? Advice please..
Having a corporate credit card and never using it... will it hurt me?
I jumped to the sidelines of the market in November to dodge a downturn, and everything shot up instead. When/how to get back in?
Carmax v. dealership?
I need a second opinion on Ally bank. Anyone using them?
What options do I have for a first time home buyer in Colorado?
W-2 employee moving to 1099 Contractor position. Health Insurance?
Need one class for my diploma. How do I pay for it?
Pay off car in lump sum, or over next year?
Leaving a small balance on a credit card to build credit?
My loan application was denied with the cause : "Credit Application Incomplete." What are the repercussions of this and how can I prevent it going forward?
$6200 after a summer job. best way to maximize/use this?
How much life insurance do you have? How did you decide on the amount and term?
Where to put money keeping it semi-liquid yet gain more interest than savings??
Just turned 21. Best card for me?
Anyone used Quicken 2015 for OS X yet?
I need to buy a new car...where do I start?
(CA) Received a second credit card and my score went down by nearly 50 points?
Got my first credit card with an $800 limit. Any advice?
Two homes after marriage and cannot rent out 2nd unit. Advice on taxes, depreciation, deductions?
(CN) Being Sued for US Student Debt. Help?!
Why won't they raise my credit limit?
auto loan - refinancing worth it?
Lump of cash, lots of loans, which to pay off first?
Am I building credit this way?
Can a 14 year old debt suddenly become delinquent 13 years later?
I'm a 17 year old without a job but i have about 1k saved up. Is there a way to get more out of it? (CA)
My wife and I messed up our finances and want to fix them. Can you help me make sure I'm planning this right?
What if you lived off tips?
Banks not offering EMV compliance?
How much of a raise should I expect to be offered?
What is the CARD Act? And how does that effect my loans?
/r/personalfinance: Any insurance insight?
Should I get a student loan to pay off a credit card?
(CA) If you get a no obligation quote that's valid for X days, can the insurance company say they can't insure you using that quote within that period?
I just got a Discover It College Card, should I go ahead and open another credit card through my bank? Will it help build credit faster?
Attempted to sign up for Credit Karma... lready have an account? Email address for account is not mine. What do I do?
We can afford a $1.5m+ house, but should we buy cheaper as it would be our first house?
What student expenses are tax deductible?
Looking to start investing in stocks. Any recommendations for online brokerage accounts? (i.e. Scottrade, etc.)
I will be graduating college without any debt, is there anything I should know or take advantage of as I start my working life?
Critique my budget/financial plan?
How and when should I use my first credit card?
Budgeting and tracking: cash or cards?
26 y/o Male: Do I really need life insurance?
What do you nice folks do with your raises?
Examples of people with various credit scores?
Is there any benefit or detriment to my credit rating to increasing a credit limit for my credit card?
What should I be doing with my extra money?
Fraud on my credit card: What do I do?
Of these cards that my bank (Navy Federal) offer, which should I get?
Pay off my car loan or Save/Invest?
Student Loan ? Lump Sum Repayment
Working in another state, which state income tax to I pay?
Sallie Mae expects over $1,000 a month from me to pay my private loans... Has anybody had success with negotiating their monthly payment down?
What can I do about extensive charges due after moving out of an apartment?
Do 2 loans from one lender qualify as "consolidation possible?"
Startup acquired, options vesting—what do I do?
To those who are earning over $150,000/year: how do you budget? (CA)
To those who make 40k/year; how do you stay afloat?
With all the negativity around Wall Street's ethics, why keep a 401k going?
Best budgeting apps?
If I can pay for a house in cash, but will only live somewhere three years, should I still rent?
Has anyone successfully declined insurance benefits from an employer in exchange for a raise/bonus?
College sophomore–should I worry about building credit?
How valuable is this offer from Merryl Edge?
Can I pay off undergrad private/federal Student Loan debt with extra funds from a federal graduate Student Loan?
If I spend $2000 or less a year on education I can get the money back when I do my taxes?
Beneficiary IRA, what do I do with it?
I'm going to be spending $3700 on Lasik. I've got enough to cover the whole purchase in my HSA - so what are some ways I can maximize my cashback/rewards on this large of a purchase?
How much money should I put down on a house?
Opening a third credit card for a single purchase?
What would you advise for me between savings, loans, and retirement?
Short term financial advice?
Transferring Money from Indonesia (Rupiah) to the US?
Can my mother still get her social security survivor benefits after not paying taxes on life insurance payout?
Should I sell this car?
Thinking about moving? Here’s how far your dollar goes everywhere in the U.S.
Save for retirement, or invest to passive income?
I have student loan debt but no degree, am dependent on parents who are a financial disaster, and have a new (very very low paying) job. Advice?
Which is better invest in an index fund or buy a rental property?
Gearing up for baby #2. I feel like I have a solid hold on our finances, but would appreciate criticism and suggestions. Help?
Best place to put temporary salary boost? 401k, home down payment, student loans?
Finally have steady income. Is there a service I can go to that can find all the debts I owe and how to pay them so I can start to fix my credit?
SO got a medical bill for $15,000 that isn't hers. Same first and last name, different tax ID. It was sent to her address. What to do?
(SE) My boss just emailed me my coworkers salary statement by mistake. He makes twice my salary.. should I react?
How do you account for legislative risk when planning and investing for retirement?
Inherited rental property- should I keep or sell?
What's the best thing to do with my (small) savings? UK resident
What Options are Available to Delay a Monthly Student Loan Payment?
Can pay off my student loans. Should I?
I received $100k from my father to help with the down payment on a condo I'm about to buy. Bank wants him to sign a "Gift Letter Affidavit" will I get taxed?
401k Loan. Pay it off or take the disbursement?
Where to invest money sitting idle in a rollover account?
IRA or student loans?
Serious question (USA), If you have no living relatives at all, what happens to your belongings and money if you were to die today?
When buying a new car do I pay taxes on it twice? OK OKC
Best company to open a IRA with, where to allocate it?
How bad are my ER on my 401k?
Is this a mistake?
What is a good sized emergency fund for a college student living on campus?
Freaked out about cost of wedding - outside-the-box ideas?
How does one proceed if they haven't filed any tax returns for several years?
Have a credit card annual payment coming up? Threaten to cancel and be rewarded with a downpour of CC points.
Making $225 a week, any ways to invest this?
22/F Is this budget sustainable for moving out?
Going to the bank to set up an RRSP right away. What do I need to know?
Getting charged interest on my student loan. What happened to the Grace Period?
Did they ever figure out the details of the Target data breach? Have the hackers profited any off of the stolen data?
Anyone here invest exclusively in index funds?
I have no idea how to manage my money. Am I doing it right?
New baby, and a non-working wife... Plus Student Loans... Any Advice?
When should I cash in my savings bonds?
I should cancel my whole life insurance policy, right?
How do I escape this nightmare? This could also be considered TIFU if you count it as IFUML
When can I rollover an employer 401(k) into a personal IRA?
Should I file for Bankruptcy?
Tax advantaged accounts primer?
How do I convey the importance of saving and budgeting to my impulse-spending prone spouse?
Scholarships for Native American Heritage?
Paying Credit Card twice in one month?
Maximum percentage of take home salary tied to fixed costs?
Should I keep my card open that has a yearly fee?
Cash back at closing? House purchase
Getting accounting records from a trust and life insurance payout?
Any General Budgeting/Saving Advice for a Community College Student Working a $10.50/hr Job?
Should I co-sign with my step-son?
Should by roomates gf pay rent?
Buy a house or have a baby first?(UK)
How do you deal with a judgment on your credit that's not yours?
Keep a gifted condo or sell and invest?
Thoughts on this? Invest spare change automatically from everyday purchases into a diversified portfolio.
NY/NJ (Tri State Area) Advice sought for financial conundrum. Where to find a legitimate credit counselor that won't dig my hole too much deeper?
Inheriting money. Who should i be contacting?
Help! My fiance gave the ring back and we had merged finances! How to split these up?
Stick with my current CC or upgrade?
Inheriting money. Who should i be contacting beforehand?
Realtor says I need to copy my social security card by law. Is this true?
A friend has money invested with a private firm. The advisory makes 1% commission, but also has a "Fiduciary Fee and Clerical Charge" on his statements. Any way to tell if he is acting in a fiduciary capacity based on this information?
When is debt ok?
What job is the "Personal Finance" reddit?
Am I on the right track? Lifestyle/seasonal worker unsure whether to continue being a bum or get it together.
[US --&gt; UK]Direct Loan is taking too long to disburse due to clerical mistake - private loan instead?
How are the PF parents saving for their kids college?
How will paying off my loan affect my credit score?
Should I take out $2000 in low interest student loans to travel? I have solid savings and a job possibly lined up after graduation.
I don't have a checking or savings account.. received a "bill pay" check from a client, how do I cash it ?
Is it ever a good idea to add parents as authorised users?
Better to stick w/a single rewards card for expenses or match card w/purchase?
Switch to cash only or continue using credit card for monthly expenses (paying off each month)?
Dying parent--what questions to ask?
Ineligible for Roth IRA...now what?
How to find a good tax attorney for back-owed taxes? Any experiences with them?
How do I start some form of personal accountability to encourage me to save?
I'm paid hourly and my check varies every week, is budgeting with averages a smart way to deal with this?
Inheritance: Invest or save for a rainy day?
Setting up Retirement Plan at Work. Help with choosing Portfolios?
27 y/o male. Raise of ~$900/month. Where should I put it?
Help me with budgeting?
First credit card question- using more than 30% of my credit limit?
What happens if someone changes their Mortgage debt collection address to my address?
How do I figure out how much money I should be using toward student loans, a savings account, and a vangard account?
Keeping a small credit card open even if I don't use it?
What is the best way to set up a fund for a child in which you have little or no contact?
Should I buy condo or townhouse now?
Need to make £100 from £65 in two weeks urgently. Any ideas?
Apartment Application asks for checking/saving account number. Is this normal?
What are the disadvantages of borrowing from a credit union for a simple home mortgage?
Multimillion dollar windfall - still use Vanguard?
24 y/o What to do with 40k?
Index Fund?
Didn't file taxes for the first time. How do i fix this?
I am 32, and I have $100k to invest. I have no idea what I am doing. Where should I invest?
Advice on Rental Deal?!
USA I have I have 6-7 credit accounts open however I wanna close 2-3 but is it better leave them open?
Should I work during the college semester ?!
How much student loan debt are you in?
Financial Planners, how did you make the jump?
How much do I spend on a car?
I'm 18, and live at home. How do I set myself up for the future?
Moving states.. what things do I need to do / prepare for?
Raise deductible after an insurance claim?
Moving back in with my parents- good decision or sacrifice?
IF I get into a car accident, the person wants to pay me cash, no other parties involved..is there a catch?
Can I afford this house?
Where are the sharebuilder trade free funds/etfs?
Any student loan payoff calculators?
I have never paid taxes before and would like to start- however my source of income is not, strictly speaking, legal. I am in the US. How do I do this?
Looking for good personal finance tracking / planning software for wife's birthday. Recommendations?
Should I keep my old car or go car-less?
Considering forbearance on my student loans to help with financial hardship over next few months...good idea?
Outside of the FHA 203K loan - what are my options for buying a house and immediately doing renovations?
Should I pay off my HELOC and hit my savings pretty hard or settle for less than the amount owed and damage our credit? We have the cash but I lost my job in Feb. Any advice?
Parents need to create a trust/will. Mother is on-board, but Dad is being resistant. Trying to help them out but not sure where to start. Anyone have a similar issue?
When is the right time to lock in my interest rate?
Boss said to me, "If I can do without you for two weeks, I don't need you." Thoughts?
I have about $11k in a retirement account (403b). Should I use it to pay off my defaulted student loans?
Best lunch to bring to work?
I'm shortly becoming a university student. Do you have any budgeting advice or any advice at all on the subject?
Closed a CC after 6 years and no limit increases... bad choice?
Does setting up autopay on my credit card influence the credit score boost I get for using it?
Parents paying for down payment on apartment. Do I have to pay gift tax ?
Help!! What is my best option for student loan repayment given my current circumstance?
Is there a way to add an account manually in Mint?
How much do hard pulls hurt chances for a loan? Do they look into why they exist?
Refinancing a mortgage to get rid of PMI. Should I Borrow from 401k?
If I do my taxes on 2/1/15, can I include IRA contributions I haven't made but plan to make before 4/15/15?
Credit Card Recommendations? No real credit history/ no major debt/ first-time getting a credit-card
How many accounts do I need?
Just found out I'm a victim of identity theft. What do I do?
Married in 20s, are we on the right track?
Debt (and expenses) free with unexpected money - best course of action?
Does buying the few years older car always save money?
Building a house - Can I change my address? (credit score)
Recommended dating sites/places to meet other singles with similar beliefs about money?
Torn: Trade in sedan for new SUV?
How much money should I save a week?
Is it worth contributing $100/month to an IRA? Please help with budget.
Want to purchase a truck ... should i?
Payment via credit card: code not valid?
Would it be dumb to open a rewards credit card to pay bills?
Investment options for student with 5-6k saved and no debts or loans?
I'm self-employed and max out my Roth IRA contributions. What next?
How do I handle taxes on a lawsuit award?
I want to open a new credit card in my own name and close the joint card with my mother. Best way to do this?
I keep getting mortgage or refinancing offers even though I don't own anything. Is that at all problematic?
Intro To Landlording?
Ideas about what to do with finances?
Where can I get free advice on debt repayment?
Advice on opening credit cards?
USAA or Vanguard for 529s?
Are these 401k fees reasonable for a small company?
So, what's next?
How can I save money to move out sooner?
Should I be treating my work's 401k as Pre-Tax or ROTH?
What account to pay CC bills?
Paying off low-interest student loan debt versus contributing to retirement accounts... what did you do, and would you do it again?
How much will my credit improve by once I pay off my car lease?
Am I doing any good?
Has anyone else been screwed by bogus Platepass charges?
Non-matched 403b or my own Roth? [US]
What is the cheapest way to send South Korean money to the US as American Dollars?
When to convert to Roth?
Better to pay off CC debt at once or over time?
Looking to invest and S&amp;P 500. How to get started?
What to do with pension plan when I leave my current job?
Can i get a private loan for money owed toward my tuition from a previous year?
Just bought a house with USDA loan, now what do I do with my savings?
Consolidating debt, good idea?
Is Google Finance trustworthy?
If I defer enough to a traditional IRA, would it bump be down a tax bracket?
Irregular income ... how much can I expect to get back when filing tax returns?
Ask for credit limit increase - now or later?
An app to calculate salary based on hourly rate PLUS tip?
Ally Bank Savings Account. What's good and what's bad?
Is $3000 (US) in savings fine for a 21 year old?
Moving in with friends to save money for a down payment - good or bad idea? (EU)
Can I (or should I?) "de-authorize" my old job from direct depositing/debiting my bank account?
[21, recent grad] Trying to Understand My Benefits, Which to Choose, and if Other Options are Better?
Best personal finance software?
(Canada) Was going away for college, some things came up now I can't go. Residence was 7k and I can't get it back unless I get someone to fill my spot or if they waive it for some reason. Is there a way to get them to waive it?
Hello, I have $10,000 in an account that will be setting for about 6 months. What is the most profitable thing I can do with it and still have it avalible for withdrawl?
My debt bought by collection agency, what now?
[US] Can someone explain how to fill out witholding and exceptions on my hire paperwork?
Opening vanguard account for the first time, how do i answer this question?
What are the implications (tax or otherwise) of receiving a loan from a parent instead of a federal student loan?
Buying a house as a stepping-stone for buying rural property?
How do I minimize taxes withheld?
20, e-2 in army, married with a kid on the way. What do I need to be doing to secure our future?
It's time for me to 'leave the nest'. What's a safe amount of money to have before leaving home?
Can someone help me negotiate with (manipulate) my employers? So lost..
Isn't it bad to invest in bonds now?
Input needed on whether or not I should start paying interest on student loans? If so, which ones?
Should I loan my girlfriend of 2+ years money?
While saving for a house down payment, what percentage of your income are you putting (or were you putting) towards rent?
Asking for money back from a family member?
Buying my first car. Lease to own?
Which is a low cost business that someone can start and get profit as fast as possible?
Should I move out or commute the hour back and forth?
Why is my check being held for two weeks and what can I do financially right now?
Can someone check my math? I'm not sure if I'm doing this right.
Why does having more than 10 lines of credit help your score?
What is a good amount to put into a 401(k) for someone who's never had one before?
What is a good amount to put into a 401(k) for someone who's never had one before?
I may have been doing business for 8 months without a business license... what now?
What incentive does my financier have to refinance my loan?
CBT tactics to help me get out of debt and stop wasting money?
Is it possible to apply for Tuition fee loan and Maintenance loan also?
FSTVX vs VTSAX?
Smarter to put money towards Car Prinicpal of Credit Cards?
Increase net worth efficiently to open business?
I would like to purchase a Model 3 Tesla when it is available in 2-3 years, how much should I save?
How Much Money Should I Save Before Marriage? What Type Of Savings Plan Should I Have? (Financial Info In Comments)
Can I open a second vanguard account? Is there any downside?
Lendingclub.com - anyone with experience investing here?
How (and When) Does One Get Their Child's Credit History Kickstarted?
Mint Users: How should I reflect a rental security deposit?
Extra grant/scholarship money: save vs. put to use?
Negotiating a medical bill, if possible?
Running my credit questions?
What happens if you move country with credit card debt?
I have $50K just sitting there for the foreseeable future. What should I do with it?
Just got a new job and looking to take control of my personal finances. Any advice for a newbie?
Unmarried couples living together, how do you manage your finances?
Paying off debt collector without hurting my credit score?
Does r/personalfinance have the same feelings or Vanguard for customers with high or very high net worth?
$34K in Debt, 3 children, nearly $0 savings. Should I consider bankruptcy?
Can I ask for some general advice?
Should I close my brokerage account?
Adding minors as authorized users?
What should I do with a signing bonus I might have to pay back?
How do you give back?
Would like to move from large bank managed portfolio to Vanguard - ?s
Wife wants more control, how do I give it?
I gave my SIN to a fraudster posing as a Canadian Revenue Agent. What should I do now, and what are my risks? (CA)
So I may have been doing business without a license for the past 8 months... what now? (AZ)
Problems with Budget truck rental for cross-country move. Advice for possible money reimbursement?
Pay off student loans, pay down mortgage below pmi, or put more in 401k. Which one first?
Wife got laid off with 10K in a 401K. We have to move it from the company's account, but should we move it into?
Why don't we teach proper credit usage in school?
When does it make sense to trade in your car?
Are there good ways to convert my IRA into Gold?
Which should I favor paying off faster: My student loans or my mortgage?
Hmmm... what would you do in my situation? 33, no wife/kids, no credit card debt, $150k 1099 yearly income.
Does it make sense to rollover my Traditional IRA rollover into company 401(k) so I can take advantage of Backdoor Roth IRA?
Mint.com Credit Score giving bad advice?
What is the minimum amount of capital needed to generate after-tax capital gains income of $25,000 a year?
Should I sell my motorcycle?
401k to Fund Startup? Advice on Developing a Life Strategy
Paid off my credit card today! Now what?
"How broke are you?"
Can I qualify for a good Auto Loan?
(Canada) Super long wait for tax refund - why?
(US) Heavy Travelers: what do you use for money for foreign travel? Cash, card?
Advantage of Mutual Fund over ETFs in Vanguard Roth IRA? (x-post r/financialindependence)
I am trying to rebuild my credit. Its at 607 and someone told me a credit card would help alot. Do I even qualify for a card with a low interest rate? What are some tips on rebuilding?
New job, 2.9K Total in 401k. No other substantial savings. Little debt. What Would you do?
Doing well financially; How do I save extra for people I care about?
I make about 10k a year and school costs me about 7-8k, what can I do?
How should I begin saving strategy? (CA)
Should I consolidate my debt or continue to allow accounts to be in collection?
Is it smart to use your credit card for nearly all purchases as long as you pay off the balance each month?
19M with 20F girlfriend moving out soon. We make about 3k a month combined. Are we financially ready for this? How can we ensure we have budgeted properly?
Planning on buying home before winter. Can I still enroll in an master's program this spring semester?
Does it make sense to sell off any taxable capital gains each year when you are in the 15% tax bracket?
Buy a house now or later.. ?
I'm about to make my first mortgage payment. Should I overpay vigorously, or put the extra money in index funds?
Is this idea for paying my student loans?
New company retirement plan in near future. Should I move my current aggressive allocation in the meantime?
How would you invest your savings if you also had a trust fund?
How do I decide what is the best thing to do with my money?
Help with student loan debt. Any information of possible refinancing?
Whole Life Insurance Question, Cancellation?
What can you do with gift cards that have small amounts of money on them? Visa, MC, etc.
Just got married. Now what?
Need help figuring out how to choose 401(k) investments - any suggestions?
Australian student in Paris, wondering if should convert my Euros back to AUD in case Ukraine/Russia situation crashes market?
I plan on purchasing a new(ish) car by year's end. What's the best way to go about this?
Saving up to buy a house. Should I stop putting money in IRA and into savings? Or does it not matter?
401k, IRA, and Roth... Too Much? Seeking Advice. (crosspost /r/investing)
What to do? Give the Government all my money or keep it...
Can I get a miles credit card and buy coins with it, then use the coins to pay it off, therefore getting airline miles and easily paying off the balance?
How are employee stock purchase plan contributions calculated?
Financial advisor switching bank affiliation. How will this affect me?
401k, IRA, and Roth... Too Much? Seeking Advice.
How can I start saving for retirement? I'm 19 years old.
My new living situation reduces my housing and commute expenses considerably, but doesn't look like it's going to work. Advice?
What does my Credit Card's credit limit actually mean?
Recent College Grad: Where should I put the money I save from my first Big Boy job?
Early-ish 30s - need help for 1-2 year plan and...?
Can anyone advise a college freshman on how to wisely go about getting loans to pay for school? (Studying to be a CPA for those wondering)
I have $10k in a Roth 401k with a company I am no longer with, should I convert it to a Roth IRA?
American Express Blue vs. Everyday - which one and should I spring for the annual fee?
I have $10k in a Roth 401k with a company I am no longer with, should I convert it to a Roth IRA?
Bought a product online, the company sent me two of the product, can I keep the product?
Old employer is saying I didn't work any hours on my last paycheck... What should I do?
Can anybody help advise a college freshman on how to wisely go about tarting to get loans to pay for school? (Studying to be a CPA for those wondering)
Starting to get paid Bi-Weekly, never have before, how do you manage your money?
New investor: Are dividend paying stocks smart?
I have nearly $9000 in savings, no expenses for 4 years. What should I do with it?
So I am 23, live at home, no job but with some savings after I sold my truck. No bank account, haven't paid any taxes (didn't work at all) What are my next steps?
Regarding mortgage amortization - pay principal vs save/invest for the future?
What is something that most people don't know you can write off on your taxes?
Purchase older/cheap car for cash or take out loan and buy newer/more reliable car?
What to do with a unfavorable car loan?
I just won $26,500 on a game show. I am 22 years old, I have no debts. What is the best way to make this money work for me? (AU)
Any benefit in not paying off student loan all at once?
Apparent check fraud? Banks not helping and $1200 gone
To close or not to close my credit cards?
New bank time: Is there a best-of-all-worlds solution?
HSA vs. Traditional Insurance - which one makes fiscal sense?
Do you want to gain huge profits from the biggest market? Here we offer the best strategy and marketing consulting for you to get the Greater China Market. Please contact Princetonchina@yeah.net
Advice about mortgages for purchasing a council flat? (UK)
Can I be debt free by 28 years old?
Ways to automatically track short-term savings goals?
Have a HSA with a previous employer, is it still "legal" to have it after changing healthcare plans with new company?
About to get a job offer; should I tell new company I want to discuss it with boss at current company?
What should I do about my credit card situation?
Better for credit score to carry a large balance (that is paid off every month) or to open a new credit card?
Is buying a home for the sake of buying a home a good idea?
Self employed with a variable income, closing on first house in a few weeks. What is the best way to deal with a variable income when taking on fixed expenses?
I am 15 years old. I have heard from countless sources that beginning to invest at a young age is smart, but I know nothing about the world of investing. Any advice on how I should go about doing that?
PLEASE HELP! Why can't I see who owns my debt? (CA)
Inflation adjusted mortgage calculator?
Does this crap piss anyone else off?
Getting my finances in order as a graduate student with a stipend - is it possible?
After IRA &amp; 401k, how do I decide whether to increase income for SEP-IRA (but pay more income tax) or to move to a taxable account?
Should I protect my credit?
Finding and rehabbing a Student Loan seemingly lost in the abyss...?
Should I pay my student loan accrued interest while attending college?
Free HSAs?
Should I get a credit card?
Pay off house in 3-5 years, where to save the money?
Looking to transfer my Credit Card balance to anything with a lower interest rate/minimum monthly payment.. Is this possible at all? (CA)
Need to take out a private undergrad student loan. Does any lender offer a loan that can be deferred while you're in grad school as well?
Chase Freedom Card - Removing the bonus 10% in 2016?
I currently use my debit card for most things. Can anyone suggest a credit card with nice perks/bonuses for someone that will likely never carry a balance?
Where do I put budgeted money that's really a saving for a bi-yearly bill?
First time home buyer: IRA can be used without penalty, can HSA?
I'm juggling some bank accounts and cards. What should I keep/close?
How do student loans work, is the college worth it?
What to do with leftover student loan? (CA)
Just got approved for Sallie Mae Master Card, but what are "eligible gas purchases?"
Credit card fraudulently opened in my name. Best Buy says it's my fault. Any tips?
What happens tax-wise to monies in a retirement account when the holder dies?
I have enough to pay off my subsidized student loan, but it won't be due until mid- to late-2017. What should I do?
Mint check claimed I opened a mortgage in 2009?
I suspect I'm about to get screwed over on my Dental Insurance because HR didn't stay on top of things. What should I do? (xpost /r/insurance)
Building credit for the long-run while taking advantage of credit card bonuses?
Has anyone tried the Credit Score Beta on Mint.com?
I forgot to pay off $71.63 on my visa and remembered 5 days later, I was charged $8.59 interest. I've never missed paying off my card fully every month since I got my card in 2008. Will this one incident affect my credit rating?
Thinking about getting a new credit card to ear rewards, which do you recommend?
You have 20% down, emergency fund, relatively stable job, but still haven't bought a home?
I just learned of The Latte Factor - where would I go if I wanted to invest $20/week?
What comes after a secured credit card?
[San Jose, California] SO's employer issues paycheck on US Bank card. SO's card was stolen. Waiting 3 - 5 business days for replacement paycheck. Anything we can do to access pay quicker? [x-post from Legal Advice]
Can you retroactively "come clean" to the IRS and be OK?
I am getting student loans but I don't need all of it, what should I do? (CA)
Reducing Future School Loans or Retirement? (Need more details than FAQs provide)
How do I begin?
How do I live on $40/ wk in groceries?
How many credit cards are too many?
Home addition and renovation advice?
What's the best way to find a career counselor?
How much house can we afford?
Would buying a car for the school year be possible for me? (Canada)
How to transfer money between two LLCs?
Just got a 40k/yr job. How much more should I invest?
When does interest on credit card cash advance generally start to bear interest?
Boosting Credit Score via Lease?
(Foreigner) Are cash gifts from non-US citizens / residents taxable?
Australian Bankruptcy?
Why are credit cards such a big deal in the US?
Why did my credit go from 0 to 715 in one month?
Uni Student Budget Spreadsheet. Any Advice On This One I Made?
PFers who live with a partner (who makes as much as you) but keep separate accounts: what is/has been your experience savings-wise? Unexpectedly, I find that I have been spending more.
Thinking about liquidating my 401k to purchase a home...is this a horrible idea?
Does it ever make sense not to max out annual 401k contributions?
Should I just pay off my student loans?
SO just inherited 200k and is freaking out. What do we do?
Someone backed into my car and was nice enough to tell me. How do I proceed?
Best way to go about getting my new car? (UK)
I want to pay the interest on my student loans to keep them from capitalizing. How do I do this?
Are store credit cards bad?
Want to change Credit Cards. How will cancelling one card and opening a new card affect a credit score?
What would have happened to the average person's debt if we had allowed the big banks to fail?
Can you contribute to an IRA and a 401k at the same time?
Was robbed of my phone and wallet last night. What all should I do?
Larger home down payment or keep more money in retirement accounts? What's better for the long term?
[UPDATE] Wife wants more control, how do I give it?
Better to Sell Used Clothing &amp; Small Appliances, or Donate to Charity for the Tax Write-Off?
Does contributing to a roth 401k affect how much I can contribute to a roth IRA?
What should I do with my money? Need help/ideas (PT)
How would you invest if you stand to inherit a large future sum?
Capital Gains Rate of 0% on $10k? Am I reading this right?
[US] I live in California and recieve SSI disability checks every month, but as a condition I can not have a job as I would lose this assistance. Does this government assistance qualify me to open a Roth IRA? I have no retirement accounts and am worried about that.
Recent Grad Struggling to save while living in NYC. Any recommendations on my budget when stuck in a high cost of living area?
How should I handle my Credit Card Payments?
Spouse and I are 41 years old, and I'm deathly afraid that we're not maximizing our financial potential. Are we managing our finances right?
What to do if you get kicked out of your parents house?
Get a 0% APR credit card or sell off savings?
I think it's about time I started being better with my money, where to start? (UK)
Capital gains on index funds or ETFs held over 1 year?
When is it a good idea to sign up for new credit cards?
Rich dad says "assets put money in my pocket". What are some examples of assets and how they work?
Hi /pf I want to invest some $$ but how much should I have to begin with for attempting?
Student loans: Choose longer-term repayment plan, but pay it off like a shorter-term plan?
Young with a trust fund that I want to last, how can I make it last and live comfortably?
Should I take social security survivor benefits now or wait??
My parents have another brokerage account for me what should I do with it?
Will financing a cheap used car build my credit?
Am I organising my inheritance money well? (UK)
Is it good to open a store credit card @10% back and then pay off and close it the next month?
Refinancing Auto Loan (that is underwater?)
What of this trip could I count towards tax deductions (US)?
Trading ETF for equivalent Index Fund?
SBO loans - how would a young man in his 20's secure them???
The most prudent way to loan money to brother for house purchase?
Should I include or exclude fixed costs in envelope budgets?
How to get money from my bank account when it's closed?
Moved out - Mistake?
Inheriting ~$200K. 18 years old, what do I do?
Is it okay to be financially "stalled" while attending college?
Mint-type app for international users?
Inherited ~£350k (~$580k) what do I do?
Rainy day fund idea?
Canadian. Worked in Australia for four months; no plans to return. The interest rate on my AU savings account (which is still open) is literally four times as high as any savings account I can find in Canada. Should I move my some of my savings offshore?
Pros and con's of paying credit loans full and separate?
Check my logic? Extra cash towards house payments or retirement.
I just got scammed. What should I do?
Как зарабатывать на курсе валют?
Just bought my first apartment! Can you help me out with my plan over the next years?
Just inherited ~$9k. With college a year away, what do I do with it?
Australian, 25, 80 grand in bank. What to do?
Loan vs. Opening a new line of credit?
Best way to handle my debt?
Fresh out of college, high debt-to-income ratio, not so hot credit score, need a car. Any advice?
Should I get rid of my joint bank account with my parents?
60k in savings getting 0.02% interest, is this normal for a bank savings account?
How much should I spend on a car?
Invested my first $10k in a brokerage account a few weeks ago. This is outside of my regular retirement savings. Seeking advice on when to take out the returns/profit?
26m, How far does a $100k salary go in San Francisco?
Cousin sent me this article. What does personalfinance think of it?
I inherit 100k when I turn 21, I am 19. Advice?
Using some of inheritance to put larger down payment on a house so I can afford the payments. Bad idea?
Engagement Ring Budget?
Credit rating drops 86 points in five months. Can closing multiple checking accounts relate to such a steep drop?
Looking into high yield online savings account, anyone have experience with GE or Ally? Or another?
Vanguard 401K or IRA?
Ran my own company for 3 years, now looking to get back into a regular job market. Have no recent references or employers. Feel like I'm back in high school. How do I find good references without having had a real boss in a while?
Budgeting with my SO: How can I best keep track of common expenses in my own personal budgeting?
Would a 10% RoR with CNY be equivalent to the same in USD even with the falling exchange rate?
401(k) rollover to new job/loan?
Want to open IRA with savings, but am also considering grad school...advice?
Best credit card for me?
Money Market Account - What is it ? How is it best used? Anyone have one?
Credit union won't close my checking account and I'm accruing fees. Now what?
Advice on planning for an atypical/migratory lifestyle?
Should I file bankruptcy?
Roth IRA- allowed to contribute income earned last year?
Something better than a savings account that still allows for liquidity?
If you were to receive $50,000, how would you go about investing it for the next five years? Age: 25
How Do I Access Old 401K from Job 7 Years Ago?
Thinking about dumping my excess cash in Betterment - yay or nay?
The legalities after you die, money-wise?
Recently laid off intern, am I still owed my gainshare bonus?
I am 25 about to be making 2K per month for 20 years. How best can I reinvest?
Father (single parent) is dying. What do I need to do?
Any reason not to put all my investment in a 3X leveraged (bull) S&amp;P 500 ETF?
SO drained most of savings, put me in charge of finance so it doesn't happen again. Any advice?
New college grad with no credit - is US Bank Harley-Davidson Visa Secured Recommended?
Just graduated college and started my FT role, I've already built a savings of ~20k, how should I begin investing?
Barely making it, is it logical to get a car loan in order to make more money?
question about taxes?
What to expect when looking for student loans?
Should I invest in Treasury Bonds as well as Roth IRA and a 401(k)?
Let's say I save up $5000 and I want to make it grow. I have enough patience to wait 20+ years for it. What would be the best option? What about the easiest option?
How can I get started in foreign microfinancing for development?
What prevents me from investing student loans?
(AUS) When is the pay not worth the work?
Help with an action plan?
Advice for no marriage/no children?
How to avoid life long college debt??
Considering selling house and building new... sanity check my plan?
401k Loan. Thought it was paid off, but apparently it's not. Next steps?
Should I switch banks?
How much house should I buy?
I am a college student with extra funds from a summer internship I completed, should I invest in a Vanguard fund? Which one?
What's a legitimate renters' insurance company which covers earthquakes?
Do you believe this can be done? "FOLLOW WIRED Twitter Facebook RSS This Startup’s on a Mission to Save Us From Seedy Debt Collectors"
What's the best option to take in my position?
Could somebody point me towards a good all-purpose budgeting spreadsheet please?
Where to keep money in the short term (&lt;5 years) if accruing interest not an option?
Help me understand state pensions in US, UK, AUS and NZ?
Retirement savings accounts in the US, UK, Australia and NZ?
Is there any difference in IRA Providers? Any preferences?
Is it legal or wise to use grandparents as college savings vehicle?
Grad student who can't afford healthcare, and can't qualify for government healthcare. What are the options?
Need to empty out savings and draw from 401k to sell house. Anything I should be aware of?
Decided to get finances straight, whats the best plan of action?
Just moved to US, need to open Bank Account, whats the best bank?
US Medical debt Question: Am I still liable for debt if hospital rendered services against patient's consent?
Can you recommend a 401(k) contribution calculator?
Invest 100k€ or move out from parents place? (EU)
Company offering to change me to 1099 Employee -- good/bad?
What's the best way to avoid ATM fees while traveling?
Do account fees taken out of Roth IRA count towards the year's limit?
Can anyone tell me about debt and prepaid cards?
Income from £250,000 lump-sum investment? (UK)
Dual citizen advantages?
Index investing + mixing it up with individual stocks for retirement. Good or bad idea?
Should I pay off this loan or keep it a while?
CenturyLink claimed I owed $71 - Now Showing as $224 from Debt Collector as Derogatory Account?!?
Is one financially/legally responsible for paying a debt from an account on which they had charging access but are not a co-signer?
Can I afford a Luxury Car? Review of Finances
When you write a certified check, is the amount taken out of your account right away?
Is my assumption about index funds valid?
Married Couples: What would you have wanted to know about before you joined your finances?
What are your thoughts on "Acorns"?
Will getting married affect my credit?
Any recommendations / advice on how to get out of credit debt?
Wise to take out student loans and save them up to pay for a year of school?
Am I spending too much on therapy? Should I let it slide because it's for my own well-being?
Switching over my current savings account to one with better interest. Any recommendations?
Should I open a retirement account for my kids?
Does it always make sense to keep a car until the repairs total it or the upkeep is more than a new monthly payment?
Looking for thoughts on the Acorn app. Do the fees seem reasonable?
Is this withholding pay?
Getting a student loan that I can pay off as soon as I graduate - to help build credit. Good idea?
Giving my Parents $50k. Do I need to be conceded with the gift tax?
Should I trade in my Subaru for a Honda?
I inherited some money and want to save/invest it. Any thoughts on my specific situation?
Should I max out both my Roth 401k and IRA this year?
I'm an independent contractor, but not for long. What do I do with my "business" credit card when I get a new job?
Trying to stay on top of finances, but don't want to go crazy. Help?
Never filed taxes, how bad is this going to hurt?
Just moved in with girlfriend, advice on splitting expenses?
My wife and I have two cars but could get by with one. Should we sell one for the money, or keep both in case one fails?
I want to invest around £1000 in stocks and shares. Is this enough to be worth paying the commission?
As a teen how should I get into investing?
How much can I expect to spend on transfer fees and taxes when selling ~$50k in stocks?
When should I replace a car?
What percentage of your net worth is in investments? What's the specific breakdown?
Selling my car, too soon?
Can my employer lower my hourly wage from a past pay period?
Giving my Parents $50k. Do I need to be concerned with Gift Tax?
Should I cash out my annuity to pay off my student loan?
What should I do if I find a hard credit report enquiry in my file that I don't agree to?
Is debt consolidation worth it?
30f, $45k in federal student loan debt. Any advice?
Using old (i.e. ignored), small 401k to pay down credit card debt. Fiscally dumb, emotionally smart?
Which is smarter: Selling current stock portfolio to pay down student loans, or juggle both for future returns on stocks?
I have inherited $10,000 dollars, tax free. What should I do with it ? I am 18.
Worked in Canada - Now in the US! What to do with the money?
Does any physical mail come in if you make an IRA Roth account with Vanguard?
How on earth is it possible to save for the kid's college fund?
Tips for getting pre-approved for a mortgage?
How do I know how much do I owe in federal taxes to the IRS this year?
My father is in retirement and has a lot of cash he wants to invest. What should he do?
Living is a Resort Community, would buying a condo be a terrible decision?
What car would you recommend for $10K?
I am finally back on my feet! Now what to do?
Pay to fix the "beater" or upgrade to a newer car?
Paid off credit cards now what?
PF, my parents [50s] are financially reckless, how do I help them?
Pay back student loan or use it so start a business?
What to do with Roth IRA if recent promotion puts me above AGI limit?
Received $40K, want to buy a house. What's the best investment option?
On average, how much money should I be saving each month? (CA)
[Canada] CELI or REER (access to RAP), considering my first house in 5-10 years ?
Only child (male, married, 27 y/o) with financially struggling parents. How much can - and should - I assist with their situation?
When to invest? Just transfered $5000 into my first IRA Age(23).
Anyone with Auto Loan refi experiences?
Question about xbox subscription and what can I do?
Roth IRA for College Student?
Is there a website that will help me estimate my total tax burden - Fed, State and *Gasp* City - NYC? (US)
To loan or not to loan? Education reimbursement in conjunction with an unsubsidized Stafford Loan situation.
Question about how to set up finances with husband working and wife in school?
Paying off credit card...difference between statement amount and "balance?"
Best-less risky way of making money grow?
Is there a reason to pay a mortgage on the 1st of the month, if it's not considered late until the 16th?
How long should I save checkstubs from my job? (US)
Have $50k, want a better return. Best way to grow Savings when liquidity is a premium?
Advice about refinancing mortgage (should we pay PMI or try to build more equity?)
New job offer in silicon valley. Want to move to SF. Doable?
Student loans- pay off lower amount with higher interest first, or higher amount with lower interest?
How to choose a 403b Vendor? [US]
Gift Vs. Inheritance?
Reputable refi provider with competitive rates?
Is it a smart idea for me to buy this house right now (450k)? If so, what is the best way to handle financing?
Personal debt, student loan debt, and want to go back to school. Help?
The BEST way to use a Credit Card?
Private Student Loan - Fixed or Variable Interest Rate?
Mutual funds - what are they good for?
Sacrificing tomorrow for today... are experiences worth the cost?
Wife was just denied extension on her student loan. Is a 401k hardship withdrawal my only option?
Disabled vet... No job, no school. Where can I get a job? I'm struggling. 22 yo M alone, Denver.
What should I do with 401(k) from a previous job?
Am I too young?
Calculator for student loan balance-- simple interest + arrears payments ?
Just found out I have an account in claims from when I was 19. How to proceed?
Is there an all in one app out there?
Are there any Vanguard funds that work like savings accounts where you can withdraw money at any time?
Save me from Myself - How can I hide my savings from my own worst enemy, me?
Fiance and I looking at buying a home. How much house can we afford?
Paying back student loans: how to minimize interest paid?
Credit card denial: debt-to-income ratio too high?
Looking to avoid hard inquires on my CR, any advice?
US, how to get off the list for snail mail credit card offers?
Thoughts on wife quitting job?
Budgeting gifts into your budget?
Student Loan To Pay Off Debt?...
My house just burned down with all of my belongings inside...what do I do now?
Is Keiser University a good school?
credit cards finally paid off - do I tackle the autoloan next or save the cash?
Teaching stepson how to deal with his mother financially?
My father of age 58 had just died. Where do I begin?
Summoned to Small Claims court for unpaid medical bill, do I need to appear if it says I do?
Dad is MIA and I need his 2013 Tax Return for financial aid in school- how can I get this!?!
How do I even begin to get my shit together?
72 year old retired individual wants to withdraw $50K from a traditional IRA. What are the tax penalties?
To invest home down payment savings or not?
Should I apply for a card with 0% for a period of time to transfer and pay off my credit card balance?
Is it better to have a friend gift me a car or have him "sell" it to me for $50?
Any MoneyStream users?
Do accountants do charitable work? I need one but can't afford one.
How should I budget my money?
24, think I need a financial advisor (is that what I'm looking for?)
Take a mortgage or buy a home with cash?
How good of a credit card can I get when my credit history age is 1 year and 8 months?
Refund my pension?
Say I receive a 100k windfall; what minimum yearly return would I need to justify investing the whole 100k versus using it to immediately pay off a 25k loan at 6.55% interest, then investing the remainder?
Can I decrease a credit card's limit without doing significant long term damage to my credit score? (CA)
What are the consequences of co-signing checking account w/parents?
Any advice for this High School Senior?
How much can you really put away for kids college fund?
Is there a difference between a credit score of 795 and 850?
IRAs for high earners with terrible employer 401ks?
Is there a formula for how much I should spend per month on my apartment rent?
Home owners bill consolidation loan?
How much should I spend on an Engagement ring?
Why is the income limit for Roth IRA so low for married couples compared to individuals?
want a visa-compatible card; is pre-paid a viable option?
Tax withholding for dependent college student doing work-study?
Retiring in 5 years at age 66 and plan to sell home and also take $200K from 401K to add it to the proceeds to buy retirement home in another State. How can I minimize the tax bite from the 401k distribution?
Can you continually transfer credit card balances to ride the 0% APR?
Are there free services for investment advice as there are for taxes for people with low income?
What to do with extra financial aid money?
Which retirement plan do I choose? [Pension or Defined Contribution with lots of other options]
Future inheritance - adjust my long term savings?
Pay off all debts first regardless, or max out Roth IRA at the last minute?
Best advice for university tuition?
GF lost her phone and now has $1000 in international calling fees over the last two days. Anything she can do?
Really dumb question. I need to get money to my husband in another town by tomorrow. Can I transfer funds from my bank account into his?
For us short-term renters or students who don't have file cabinets, how do we keep our personal finance documents organized?
Just opened an IRA. Now what?
VT vs VTI vs VGTSX? (Stock vs ETF vs Mutual Fund)
[Throwaway] Should I take the job offer? $500k/yr edition.
What to invest in after maxing 401k if making too much to contribute to Roth IRA?
What would you do?
Amex Blue Cash Preferred discontinued?
New furnace?
Accidentally deposited my paycheck twice. What to do?
Opinion on using WestJet RBC Mastercard travel insurance on a trip to Hawaii?
Maximizing points worth the fees long term?
Is there a way to adjust YNAB to work with an income that can differ drastically from month to month?
Job is offering 35k LESS than the median salary for this position. What?
Is college even worth it for me if I can get a decent paying job without a degree?
[Serious] Full time student, about to go to Uni. Who should I open a current account with? (UK)
Pay off mortgage or invest in Roth IRA?
Just on the cusp of benefiting from Traditional IRA and have a Defined Benefit retirement plan. Should I continue with Traditional, go Roth, or go 457b?
Should I open a new credit card for the rewards?
Canada- Retirement/Mortgage/Savings what to pay first?
If I won trip as a prize, is there a way I could claim the cash value instead of going?
Does re-financing a loan for lower payment negatively affect your credit?
Is there a best way to ask for a promotion or raise?
Financial Planner yes/no?
Recommendations for will making software?
Question on collection reports on your credit report?
The real cost of Mint?
Personal loan to pay off loan with HIGH interest rate?
Switching companies, options for my 401k?
Staying at home with the baby vs. Going back to work. Can you help me see the financial impact of either and/or both?
A few weeks ago I learned about short-term vs long-term capital gains tax rates. Then yesterday I learned about state capital gains taxes. Seems like I'm oblivious as to how things work...any good ways to get educated?
Betterment for market exposure not retirement?
What happens to an employer 401k when you leave that job?
Imagine not having a mortgage or rent payment to make for the next 30 years....nice, isn't it?
Am I doing all of this right? 23 year old asking for advice.
Can you get paid to take surveys online? If so is it worth it? Other ways to accumulate funds.
Enough Savings to quit my Job?
Are you looking for an italian tutor?
16 years old and concerned about my credit. What should I do?
Any personal finance tricks to know of when buying a new car?
Best Brokerage service for mid-20s single person?
Multiple credit cards to reap the sign up bonuses feasibility?
I want to take money from my 401K and 403B, whats my best option?
There is a debt on my credit report which I'm not responsible for, how do I get rid of it? (First time in this situation)
Confused on college savings. Is 529k the right decision?
As a tenant-to-be, am I covered by Landlord Tenant Rule?
Should I Buy a Better Car or Save My Bonus?
Should I open a Roth IRA or keep my ETFS in an online taxable brokerage account?
Company 401k matches 20% up to max amount. How much should I invest?
Just got my first full time job, any advice?
Saved a little cash this year for college; parent is advising me to invest in a mutual fund. Never invested before. Benefits vs disadvantages?
Anyone know of any good audio books to help with personal financing?
Joint Car Loan, What do I need to know?
Mother's Medical Bills Mounting- How to Protect Assets?
Why is my credit score so high?
My credit cards are paid off, should I rotate using one each month?
VA Mortgage Assumption from my landlord?
what can I do with $1000 I won't need for another 18 months?
Credit Report Dispute Succeeded, Anything Else to do?
managed portfolio for mid 20 year old?
28 years old - 25K CA in the bank with a steady job. What's the smartest route from here?
Just paid off debt! Now what?
Using a loan to pay off its own interest?
Not big on HD, but will this still work?
Should I attempt to settle debt or set up monthly payments?
Can I avoid a tax penalty on employee stock options I cashed out? Tax man is looking to collect.
Use an inherited retirement account to pay off debt?
Trying to figure out which credit card should I get?
Parent Death, what to do?
How come my credit balance and credit limit do not match?
Student Visa with bad credit?
Getting close to being able to payoff my mortgage. Any gotcha I should be aware about?
Where should I go for a mortgage pre-approval?
Does a debit card loan affect my credit score?
Is a gift of art from an artist to their own child taxable income (USA)?
T-Mobile is ruining my credit score, what can I do about it?
What makes a good personal financial planning framework?
What else can I do? 21F, in debt - but making payments.
Recovering credit, good financial shape -- but now what?
(Canada) Should I increase my Credit card limit?
Good book for investment?
How do I choose a bank?
I have a totaled car with unclean title on my property -- how to get rid of it???
Best first credit card for young grad?
Take a job OOS or take a raise?
my dad stole 5k out of my CD when i was 12, what can i do? (if anything)
Should I buy a new car?
Actual laws in Student Debt vs. Death?
How the hell does Bitcoin work?
I need to invest 10k. What should I do?
Is there anything I should do differently, when creating a budget and my income varies?
Advice about student loans please?
Paying down SL debt by selling stocks?
Paying Off Car with 0% Credit Card and Selling - Opinions?
Can someone explain how two vanguard target-retirement funds have different daily returns?
Spouse's family wants money after losing all of theirs in repeatedly terrible business fiascos..Am I wrong in refusing to handover any more of our hard earned money?
Why is everyone on this sub-reddit so anti buying a new car?
High school graduate planning to move out in the new year. Problems? (CA)
What happens if I contribute over 5500 to my roth 401k in a year?
How do payday lenders make credit decisions?
What is your ultimate plan?
How much will a missed cable bill affect my credit score?
Roth 401k or regular 401k?
Paying off a part of student debt with LOC?
I've read the FAQ. I am not putting my inheritance of $100,000 into a retirement account or fund. What is the second best choice?
Stock Options. Should they be exercised early?
Quit my job - what do I do with my meager 401k?
~2 Years Out From Buying a House, Should I Open a 2nd Credit Card Now?
Is a Union Bank the better option for savings account?
Hitting Tax Deduction limits, any advice?
Surprise! Pregnant girlfriend. Deadline looming and need to move in together, but financially in poor shape. Rent/Buy?
Good bank for a new to the workforce teenager?
Earning a relatively low wage will I get my federal withheld taxes back?
Is there any point in saving (in my situation)?
Personal loan to pay off CC debt – international (USA, ESP)?
Personal loan to pay off CC debt – international (USA, ESP)?
Pulling a credit report again?
I will be receiving income from another country, but in an unusual way. How do I file taxes on it?
Should I get paid monthly or bi monthly?
Survivors benefits, what do I do with it? x-posted to mrmoneymoustache
Credit card company is asking for updated income info. Could this hurt me?
Why won't student finance from gov.uk let me make another application?
What would you do if you were me?
Better to take a job for less money but better growth potential OR better money and less growth potential? What are your experiences?
What would you do if you were me?
Is it better to take a job with lower salary and higher growth potential OR higher salary and lower growth potential? What's your experience?
What do I do with me 401(K) after leaving my job?
Personal loan to pay off CC debt – international (USA, ESP)?
Pretty simple financial background; where do I go from here?
Getting married soon- tax changes?
Starting a Roth IRA - What should I know?
In a bit of a financial slump, should I cash out my 401k to help me?
Are savings bonds still a thing?
Car loan - any experience with prosper bank?
What should I do about my sister's mortgage?
How will marrying affect us financially?
Ideas on governing and implementing a family fund with siblings/parents/aunts/uncles/cousins etc?
Any advice for a person with no money at all?
Selling motorycle - invest money or pay off credit cards?
When have I saved enough for retirement?
Apartment or house?
...I just over drafted on accident, will this affect my credit score?
On a credit card what is better for your credit; paying it all off ASAP, or having steady regular healthy payments?
I got a letter in the mail saying that someone changed the address on my credit card to a town in California. Got on the phone and someone answered my security questions and thats how they did it. How worried should i be?
does it make sense to upgrade to a platinum amex from gold?
Self employed and renting two flats in two countries. Would buying be the better option?
How bad is it to take a small loan from my TSP to help pay for an unexpected expense?
[US] Proper process for 401k rollover?
Reached United Airlines Silver status, considering dropping the $95/year credit card. Thoughts?
Dad has been laid off and cannot find a job. What to do?
Money or work/life balance that heavily favours life?
got burgled + car stolen. any advice for dealing with the insurance company?
Close account with annual fee although it's the oldest?
Is using these Wells Fargo "Superchecks" (i.e., checks that charge my credit card so I can transfer balances, etc.) a good idea? Are there right an wrong ways to use them?
What is a realistic emergency fund to save up?
Age 24, unexpectedly moving out, finances in question. Your thoughts? (Help)
Renting a car with a lien? or other alternatives for a car I cannot sell.
I'm currently maxing out my 401k. Wife is maxing out her IRA, and also contributing 10% to her 401k. Is this good enough?
I have too many credit cards. Is there a "best" way to cancel them?
Dad (deceased) may be victim of fraud, what to do?
My parents will no longer help me with college living expenses. Any advice on how to survive in the apartments with a part time job?
Had a student loan sneak up on me - how much is this going to hurt?
Capital one transaction eraser?
Why the hate for property investment?
Pregnant with twins and fiscally terrified... 401k loan to pay for medical bills, possible HELOC to pay for remodel?
First steps to get back on track?
Debt sent back to original creditor. How am I sure the agency does not own the debt, and the original creditor does?
Student Loan Debt worth the risk? Should I focus on finishing school or working 40h/wk?
Does biomom have rights to kids' bank accounts? (xpost /r/stepparents)
Accidentally overpaid my credit card bill (Discover) by manually and automatically paying the same bill from my bank account (Chase). Around $200 in overdraft on the Chase account, but with that amount in a negative balance on the card. How can I... send it back...?
Best Credit Card to Get Approved?
Never had a credit card, got an offer in the mail to apply for a Discover card. About to make lots of bigger purchases with my student financial aid - should I apply for the card?
Will closing a revolving overdraft account harm my credit score?
I want to open an account for my godson. What are my options?
On my way to being debt free, how can I ensure financial success/partial independence in the future?
Problem with landlord, how will this affect my credit? Its an urgent issue, any information will be much appreciated.
Changing credit card bill due date - Any consequences?
My credit karma estimated score spikes most summers. Does this happen for anyone else?
Installment charge on auto insurance?
When building your credit score, is it more important to have more transactions or spend more money using your credit card? Or does it even matter?
Three-year $24k loan at 9.91% interest, should I pay it off earlier?
Should I quit? (College student, 1k in savings, 1k in checking, no debt)
I got my first two credit cards a while ago and signed up for automatic payments. They didn't go through and I now have two late payments. What can I do?
Combining cellphone bills with parents'? (CA)
Look over our retirement snapshot?
Should my wife and I repay 401k loan?
I have the money to deal with every negative item on my credit report and pay off my student loans immediately. How should I go about doing this to improve my credit the most?
How much Social Security should a Millennial plan to receive?
How much money do I need to make per hour in order to support myself?
Cheapest way to transfer money overseas (Canada--&gt;UK) ??
Former Apartment is trying to charge me a late fee for keys. Wasn't late - how do I fight?
First real job, how should I distribute my contribution?
How should I live my financial life now that I'm out of credit card debt?
I want to start paying off my loans but I'm still in school. What is the best way to do it? And should I hold off on starting a 401k?
How to build credit? (18 years old)
Should I refinance my vehicle? If so...when?
Will my past foreclosure affect my wife's ability to obtain a mortgage if I co-sign?
How do you forecast a future value on a portfolio of stocks?
what is a performing loan?
When would it best for me to cancel my secured card?
What should I do if my boss hardly pays me on time?
My current mortgage vs. Refi…do I move forward with a Refi?
Is a 5% down mortgage ever a good idea if I have enough money for 20%?
Bank offering Investment HSA 'Plus' plan, but here's the catch, there's a $4/month fee. It it worth it?
Finally paid off my credit card debt. Should I cancel the cards with terrible fees and interest?
My oldest open lines of credit are my student loans. Will paying them off completely hurt my credit score?
How to choose between 403(b) and 401(a)?
Advice you would have wanted to have?
Should I leave the garden? Or wait a bit?
Father going through midlife crisis, impulse buying with hardly any retirement savings. Mom afraid of losing house?
Have a made a horrible career choice?
I know what's best for me, but what would American Express rather see?
Am I being too aggressive?
I've been selling a lot of my stuff that I don't need/use anymore and have a decent chunk of cash. Can I put it in my bank account without raising any flags?
Just signed on a year long lease. If I get fired from my job and need to move back in with my parents, would I be obligated to pay my rent for the year still?
Does my health care spending card affect my credit?
15yr or 30yr mortgage refi?
Looking to open a line of credit for the sole purpose of travelling. What are the best options?
What is a 'balance forward' on 401k?
First time car-buyer, what steps should I take to ensure good financial standing?
Does a credit card company have the ability to remove a NSF/returned check payment from account history?
I just got two letters telling me that I was declined for credit cards that I did not apply for. What should I do?
[UK] Should I start a pension?
Company share save?
Credit Limit?
Installing solar panels on a home. Lease vs Buy?
Reddit, keep me honest. Should I buy this house?
Recent graduate and now employed: What do I do with my money?
(AU) Debt issues, any advice?
Purchase car with cash or take out short loan?
Signing bonus with strings attached. What is the best way to minimize the long term risk?
How long to save house down payment?
How should I take advantage of this?
How do taxes on RSU's work?
Looking to set up an account with Charles Schwab, can someone give me an overview of it?
My identity was stolen and I have had repeated fraudulent activity on my bank accounts. Should I move my money?
Safe harbor reached, now what?
On a lighter note, can anyone explain if, based on what is shown in the show, the Simpsons' standard of living is sustainable?
What paperwork should I keep?
Should I make maximum payments or minimum payments on my loans?
Should I negotiate a lower salary bonus for a higher base salary?
Can you contribute directly to a 401(k) (without it being deposited from your paycheck by your employer)?
Benefits to wife starting a separate 401K?
How automated and mindless can I make my budgeting?
Anyone else taking part in FinCon 1-Day Retirement Event?
How do you project future (near term) cash flow?
Started a contract based job in March 2014, haven't paid any taxes (they don't withhold anything) for it. What do I do?
Can anyone recommend a great withholding calculator that takes tax-deferred investments into account? I'm getting wildly different results.
Do I open a 401K if my company doesn't match?
How do you compare job offers? Is there a template?
IRA transfer from parents to child?
Roth Conversion - Does it make sense?
Noob Question after reading sidebar - Should I set up another retirement/investment account?
Anyone have a Whole Life Insurance plan?
Can increasing your credit card limit lower your credit score by 30 points?
Need to backdoor Roth IRA. Can I roll my wife's IRA into one of my 401k?
Health Insurance, Do I Have No Options?
Fidelity Cash Management with Low Income - Worth It?
CD Renewal Advice? (US)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan Enrollment, fee structure seems excessive?
Participate in pension or better off investing on my own?
Do in need Personal Injury Protection from Uninsured Motorists if I already have health insurance?
Started working midyear, but paycheck withholding as if I was working a full year, should I expected a tax rebate?
Marriage for the sake of tax benefits?
Contributing to future spouse's retirement fund?
Should I take a loan from my 401k to pay of my credit cards?
Starting new job, what happens to my 401k from my old job?
2 Roth IRA, legal?
Taking out life insurance on my parents?
Investing on borrowed money?
Small Company with Payroll Issues - Rights?
Final semester with no financial aid: credit card debt or student loan?
Eligible for my first 401K out of college. Company gave me these categories. Which to pick?
Are there any subreddits specifically for people living in poverty to commiserate with each other and share resources?
What is the best way to build an income while not being commit to living in one area?
Moving for work, rent or sell my apt?
Is there an actual way to make a little money online?
Finally caught a huge break - how to tackle 4.5k CC debt?
Paypal alternatives for personal use?
Other than the stock market and real estate, what are good long term investments?
Changing my claims on my W4 - Did I do it wrong?
For those of you who use a local bank and an online bank, how is it working for you?
Should I take money out of 529 plan to pay for a college prepaid plan?
Is it a good idea to have all my bills set to be automatically paid with a credit card and pay off a portion or all of the balance each month?
Can I pull some money without penalty from a Roth/401k?
Personal finance software/website that does non-gimmicky accounting?
How much money should I have in the bank before purchasing my first house?
Before my father died he had a debt collections agency after him for about $1000. We shared the same name. Is there any way that this can hurt my credit even if it's bs?
(18) How do i start building credit so I can get good interest rates in the future?
Incorrectly charged by Home Warranty company (First American) and now I'm sent to collections. Worried about credit score. Do have recourse?
How do I dispute a hospital bill for work not done?
Income taxes over-withheld; can I contribute to 529 using those funds and somehow claim the deductions?
Are there any legitimate online loan options out there? Need some cash fast, could really use some help.
With debt, what do you do when you get to a comfortable emergency fund?
When getting a secured credit card should I try my bank first or offers online?
New Gradute, Salary Negotiations: 88k Pittsburgh Area. Good or can I do better?
My parents are growing older, have no savings, and no plan...What do I do?
Forced RSP match - what to pick? Manulife Canada (CA).
Getting a company car. Should I get rid of one of my other cars?
Moving money out of an old HSA?
Student with semester loan disbursement and a Schwab Brokerage and Checking Account (thanks r/PF!) - Keep the funds in the checking account? Or in the brokerage/money market and move over as needed?
Purchased a new house. Underestimated what I'd need to spend. Should I get a Chase Slate?
Does my current plan make sense?
Recently 18, essential literature/info to really understand how money works? What to do with large childhood earnings?
Credit Fraud Alert is about to expire should I renew? And also why wouldn't someone just always keep a fraud alert on their account?
My current job missed payroll, should I stay in case it was an honest mistake?
Are those 6/12 months No interest offers beneficial or is better to save and buy out right?
Interest free loan from employer-any impacts on BTL mortgage applications? (UK)
I have no knowledge of investing but want to start. Acorns.com, Betterment, or Wealthfront ?
I inherited $10,000 in cash. I have no bank account or credit card. How do I open one up without having the IRS after me?
Unique 401k situation... am I missing anything here?
Hey Reddit how did you get your spouse to pay attention to the family budget? Money in general?
Invest in Target retirement funds or save a little more for index funds?
Can someone explain credit to me in a very simple way? How is it a good thing?
Would like to withdraw sizable unused college fund or move into other investments. Tax burden?
Looking for advice on how to pay off credit card debt and save more money?
How large is your emergency fund?
I feel completely overwhelmed with managing our budget/money/debt for our family of five. Where do I start?
A different kind of 401(k) question... What do I need to know if I want to start a 401(k) or other investment program at my company?
Credit cards that give you points to use towards flying, how does this all work?
Best company to get an auto loan with?
Do you have to carry a balance to increase your credit score?
How many of you plan on renting forever?
So is a credit card mandatory nowadays?
I'm a college student looking to invest some money in a Vanguard fund but am having trouble picking one. Any suggestions?
DC area banking?
My parents gave me 150 savings bonds that they purchased for me through 1991-1997. I am to use this money towards a house I'm buying. How do I redeem these bonds and is it fully mature yet?
My property management allows me to pay with a credit card. There is a 2.90% charge. Is there a card with 3% cash back on rent?
Living in the Red: My Monthly Income &lt; Student Loans Payments + Cost of Living. Do I have any options?
I have over a million, now what?
(UK) By the time I finish Uni, I should have a chunk of cash, but even more debt. What should I do?
First Bank Account — Bank or Credit Union?
A little different question. I have over a million, now what?
What can I do to help my parent save for retirement?
Credit Karma's Home Insurance Score... What??
What are the negatives to a High Yield Savings account?
Achieving my dream or financial stability?
As a kid, I learned that the FDIC will insure up to $100,000 in a bank account. At that time I thought I'd never reach that point, but this week I did. So... now what?
College student with $4,800. What to do in the next 4 months?
Overwhelmed by too many investment accounts! Most of them inherited. Can I get some advice?
PLUS loans or no?
Between me and my husband, which of us should open our new joint checking/savings/credit card accounts?
How best to pay SO's grad school tuition?
Do I trust this?
Should I put money in a CD with 4% interest rate, minimum $1000?
Is it more economical for me to stay or move apartments within NYC(Brooklyn)?
Own or rent?
Home insurance costs increased by several thousand dollars over 2 years. Is this normal?
What are the actual benefits of owning a house? Is it ok to rent forever?
Help with understanding this thought process regarding purchases?
Should I buy a 20k cash used luxury car or lease 199/mo brand new average car?
Just moved to a new employer - should I roll over my 401k to the new plan, or take the tax hit and pay off some student loans?
What happens after the first credit card?
(TW) Working abroad; what should I be doing with my meager savings?
What's the point of having excellent/good credit, if you're afraid to do anything that may lower it?
How many Credit Cards and Debit Cards do you have?
Does anyone have any experience with Gerber life plan?
What to do with a small amount of spare money? Shares? (AU)
I have an auto loan through my credit union that I'm working on paying off early. Is there any reason I shouldn't leave the loan open after paying off most of it, then pay the rest on time?
17 years old. What should I do or know how to do?
Active duty enlisted applying for student loan. What's my actual income?
Is it wise to invest in both a Roth IRA and Traditional IRA simultaneously?
Active duty enlisted looking to refinance student loan. What's my actual income?
As an unemployed student with taxable income from capital gains and dividends, can I contribute to an IRA?
What should I know before stepping on a car lot?
Running up debt after bankruptcy?
can i avoid capital gains with ESPP using 401k?
Offered one time change to move 10% of ESOP into 401k plan. No brainer?
My parents run a small business and haven't filed taxes in 8 years due to disorganization. What are their options?
Saving For A House, Help??
Orlando - to rent or to buy?
What to know before renting a top unit of a house? (CA)
I want to drop out of my PhD program in math to pursue a career as an actuary. Is my game plan for doing so the most financial responsible one?
(NYC) Purchase stock options or let them expire?
Online-only checking accounts? Also need a "backup" B&amp;M checking account?
Still paying off debt. How much to spend on wardrobe?
Savings Rate - Move to Ally from Chase?
I want to drop out of my PhD program in math to pursue a career as an actuary. Is my game plan for doing so the most financial responsible one?
What steps should I be taking?
Credit question: is it advantageous to spread expenses over several cards each month?
How should one keep track of personal finances?
Bought a condo 2 months ago and seller says I need to pay the taxes, but bill is in his name. What to do?
Looking for a bank with locations across the USA, any suggestions?
Is there a tool out there that determines whether it's beneficial to go for a Traditional (pre-tax) or Roth (post-tax) account?
Wondering if it's worth to go into more debt for an accounting degree?
Should I pay my car payment with my debit card or charge it to my credit card and then pay if off with my debit?
Just graduated after I took the one year max in federal loans ($12,500) can I start paying it now?
What am I supposed to when I have a semi-retired dad, with terrible debt, and is consistently leaching off of me?
College student and don't know where to put money?
Does dumping credit cards that have a long history hurt your score?
How Do I Remove Negative Things On A Credit Report?
Is it feasable to buy a house or condo in my situation?
[Student Loans] Do I pay off the loan with the highest interest rate but low balance, or the loan with the lower balance but higher interest rate?
Does Paypal always asking for extra charges?
Financial problems in my family and now they all turn to me...what do I do?
How much more money do I need to make to justify taking a job that requires a car?
Can I withdraw from my 401 k contributions as I would be able to from my IRA?
what to do with my old 401k?
Which credit card should I pay off first? I have a new personal line of credit
Advise on splitting rent as a non-married couple living with a married couple?
What should I do with my savings in the run-up to the Scottish Independence referendum?
[UK] Best stocks and shares ISA?
(Swe) How to pay down approx. 12K of debt with no payment plans?
Should I invest in a 401k?
Working as a subcontractor in FL. Can my employer take a % of my tips?
Can someone take a look at the this? I am thinking of learning to trade Currency Options. My friend is making alot of money trading with this group. Tell me what you think?
What am I allowed to claim on my W-4 form?
(AU): Wanting to invest some university scholarship money. What do I do?
Does requesting a credit line increase create a hard inquiry on your credit report?
I have owe companies money from unpaid bills, but I have no idea how to pay them back. How do I contact them?!
I am covered by two dental insurance policies with same company. Should I be getting a bigger benefit from them, since I essentially pay them twice?
What is the best way to save up money to sell a home and purchase the next?
Am I spending too much money on my hobby?
Have 2 401k accounts from previous jobs, new employer does not offer retirement options, what to do?
My income is tax-free and I have about 200k in student debts coming up soon. Should I be investing any money?
What should you do when your cheap term life policy expires in your 50s or 60s and you need new life insurance, but now you're old and expensive to insure?
How, specifically, should I increase retirement contributions?
I can't open a bank account because "ChexSystems" is reporting false information about me. What do I do?
RRSP savings in Canada, moved to US...now what?
More 401k questions! Is this too much??
What's the best way to deal with medical debt and improve credit?
bad time to open a 4th credit card?
should I close "unused" credit card accounts?
Can I abandon my student loan debt?
What do you guys think of trading International Currencies? Tell me what you guys think? Should I try it?
Can someone cash a check in your name?
Is it good to invest in different parts of a specific market?
Nearing retirement - should I pay off my mortgage early or invest?
Estate management/planning? Is there a degree or any kind of program for this?
Redditors who own property in high cost of living areas, how did you do it?
PF, can you help me find an efficient way to budget for vacation?
Does it hurt my credit applying for carloans but not taking them? Other questions too...
Did I goof this up? I got whole life insurance for the kids as a way to save up for college. More details inside.
Should I go for an unsubsidized loan for my graduate program? My employer will pay for me after I've finished my classes.
I won $15,000 in a photography contest - how much should i set aside for Uncle Sam?
How to estimate savings from using dependent care flexible spending account?
[UK] Someone wants to buy my car using a 'certified/approved cheque', is this safe?
Where Do You Trade Stocks? Lowest Fees?
What to do about short-term savings?
I need a loan to get a loan through the University, is there a better way?
Attempting to become more of a Saver than a Spender, what should I do / focus on?
Switching jobs, $500 in medical FSA, is that money lost?
Should I cash out my savings bonds and put the money into a mutual fund? (x-post from r/investing)
(CA) Q: How many credit cards before my credit score is affected?
Screwed over by electric company, is there anything I can do?
[advice] Soon my financial situation will change. I'm wondering how would be the best way to handle my new income and new expenses?
Dumb question about keeping track of bills owed/paid..how do you guys do it?
First time home buyer, how much can I afford?
How do you vacation?
Is buying land and building a modular home considered to be a bad investment? And why is the answer yes?
Does *Vice's Repair Your Credit by Being a Dick* actually work?
How many lines of credit should an adult in my position have?
Under 18, how do I get a credit card to start building credit?
Soon my financial situation will change. I'm wondering how would be the best way to handle my new income and new expenses?
How do couples save for retirement if one makes significantly more?
Can I use my tax return to contribute to my Roth IRA?
Repair Credit by Harassing CRA's?
How do I handle Twitch.tv donations?
How do I mek mony?
I have $1500 I do not intend to spend on anything. I was thinking of investing it in an index fund, but then got really confused. Help?
First time home buyer - is it possible?
Credit Card Balance transfer options-which is best?
I have an irregular income and a regular income, what is the easiest way to budget?
Is it possible for me to buy a house?
Florida employer docking wages... sort of?
How can I find out if I ever had a trust?
I currently hold two inherited and poorly performing mutual funds and would like to sell them to buy another. What are the tax implications?
Can I afford a car? (CA)
Won't be able to afford mortgage after divorce. Should I use assets to pay down loan?
Applied for a Discover card after thinking I was declined for the Sallie Mae Mastercard. Turns out I've been accepted! Do I cancel the Discover card that I won't use?
how bad off am I?
Thoughts on buying ETFs on margin?
What does an Administrator do in a trust fund?
How to save money when most of my paycheck goes to bills? What else can I do?
What's the difference between scientists and engineers?
Considering our finances, how soon can my husband and I think about starting a family while still being fiscally responsible?
How to save money when most of my paycheck goes to bills? What else can I do?
Starting a Vanguard Roth IRA. Which money market fund should I invest in?
If VFINX is 0.17% expense ratio, and VOO has 0.05%, why would I invest in VFINX? (investing via Roth IRA)
When to Consolidate Loans?
Can earned income count towards 401k and IRA?
If you're planning to quit in January, is it advisable to max out FSA and spend it all ASAP?
Ready to start paying off my student loans. Question (stupid question?) about interest.
HSA in California still worth it?
How am I supposed to plan for retirement when my future income is totally unpredictable?
How to ask flatmate to pay for her bills?
Credit card compromised for the second time this year -- how do you protect your data?
REDDIT help me with a car?
How do I determine the type of IRA I have?
Can a credit union run a credit check on a credit card app and then never give you an answer?
I'm in the beginning stages of rebuilding credit and I feel like I've hit a wall. What do I do next (detailed info in comments)?
Would it benefit me to go back to university, aged 31?
(US/France) Are they any benefits to opening a foreign bank account (BNP Paribas) that is the sister bank of my home bank (Bank of America)?
Where to invest at 30?
New credit card for a engagement ring?
Savings for child - where to park cash for next 10 years?
When did you start contributing to your IRA?
How can I build credit while I am under 21?
Carry a 0% credit card balance or not?
Pay older or newer student loans first?
how much savings is right to invest in fixing a car we are planning on selling?
First time posting. Is there a real choice in ira accounts?
30 yo in US. Own a house in a state I don't live in can't live and make the payments is short selling my best option?
My card has not been clearing charges. Will they eventually go through?
Aside from an expensive wedding, any financial gain or loss in getting married?
My girlfriend's father is basically screwed. Help me help her help him?
Mint doesn't seem to have functionality to distribute budgets for yearly costs well, tips?
Should I co-sign for my parent's mortgage?
Help Study Personal Finance?
Payoff student loans first or mortgage to eliminate PMI?
Is it worth it to stay at current job just to vest?
Recently Married, Consolidate Credit Cards?
When in the month to pay balance?
How to suvive off military pay? Help with budgeting appreciated.
Should I take out a small used car loan?
Should I trade in my car?
Surviving massive layoffs at my work; but not getting the promotion or pay I deserve. What's my play?
How is index fund investment Compounded interest?
I feel like I'm at the end of my rope, but there may be light at the end of the tunnel. How do I make sure I don't falter?
Here is my plan to get my Finances in order ... will this work?
What to do with an underwater condo?
Should I pursue a counseling job in private sector or public service?
Is it worth getting into £15,000 of debt? (Long)
Am I doing this Right? -- What to do with my monies.
Looking to own some property, but it's cost prohibitive where I live. Is it crazy to have first owned home be a vacation home?
Are these the right steps to help me save money?
Acquired land. What do I have to know? Any investment opportunities?
Ok credit, what credit card next?
Help me understand and choose health benefits (HDHP w/ HSA, PPO)?
How would you invest an amount of 1000$?
What are your thoughts on the Motley Fool paid services, like Stock Advisor and Hidden Gems?
Anyone have any experience with a lease transfer?
Switching from getting paid as an employee to getting paid as a consultant. What steps do I need to take to stay legal?
My parents are 55 have $90,000 left on their mortgage and some other debt (medical, taxes), but I have some options, what is the best way to manage this?
What do I do about a phone plan I share with my mother before she passes away so that I don't hurt my own finances?
Best iPhone Budgeting App?
17 and have a bit of money, what do I do with it? (EU)
Is it a bad idea to use student loans to pay for childcare?
Can I dispute receiving a paperless statement receipt?
I'm planning on purchasing my first car by taking a loan. Any tips?
Which banks do you guys use?
Solar investment - is it worth it? (In southern california)
PSA: Student? Teenager? Low-ish income? Get up to $9k of free money with an IDA.
Are there any good forums/sources with similar information to PF but for swedes?
26 YO getting car insurance for the first time - advice?
I barely make enough to live on (still under the Fed. poverty line) and I'm being hit with wage garnishment for student loans. What are my options?
Made 1,947.02% gain on a stock purchased as a joke.. what do I do with the money?
looking to buy a computer could it be a tax write off?
Desparate situation - advice?Be real...please.
How can I transfer money from Higher One to another bank account?
Inherited Rental Property - Options?
Short term investing, or savings account?
Is my credit card autopay working correctly?
Refi or home equity loan?
keeping debt?
How Aggressively Should I Save for a Down Payment in a Very Expensive Area?
Should we still keep putting money into savings, or should we pay loans off first?
Best way to exchange currency without losing money?
Will a university eventually send my unpaid fees to a collection agency?
Only one fund in 403b plan. Is it worth it?
What is the best savings account to set up to achieve specific goals?
Just got a call from a collections agency - advice?
Pay off student loans in full or payments?
W2 to 1099 - Calculating Equivalent Annual Salary?
Will my mutual fund show up on a credit check for affordable housing?
are 401K matches always traditional?
4 items in collections, 3 fall off by January 2015 - proceed w/ repairing credit or invest elsewhere?
How valuable are the American Express benefits (travel protection, extended warranty, etc.)?
What is the price of sanity in your finances? Thinking of trading money and benefits for a walking commute.
Can someone explain how leases for cars work?
I know nothing of personal finance, so can someone give my plan a bit of feedback?
Pros and Cons to declaring myself independent?
Health insurance: Do HSA accounts have any gotchas?
With interest rate rise ahead, what's the best course on bonds and 401K?
What does r/personalfinance thinks about having a Legacy Drawer?
Question: What to do if you win a contest with cash prize?
What are some unknown "free money" programs in the US? (explanation inside)
How do you create a budget with sales job?
Start paying into a 401K in one year, or start paying into 403b now?
How can I go about re-financing my car?
Decent amount of low-interest debt. Downside in investing in a Roth IRA?
Should My Parents Pay Off their Refinanced Mortgage?
My 401k is done through Fidelity. I want to open a Roth IRA and max it before taxes. Should I do it through Fidelity or open a separate account through Vanguard?
Quickest way to pay off $15k?
If I have the funds to make a large purchase outright (car, home, property, etc.), should I? Or is it a better idea to finance anyway?
How can I create a simple will and living will?
Federal Student Loan Confusion! What should I do?
Do you follow Richest Man in Babylon lessons? i'm rereading this again
Where do they get your credit score when financing for cars, home etc?
(NZ/UK) Visas for both US and Canada, is there any accounts (such as the highly regarded vanguard?) than I can be opening now?
as a university student in England, what are my options for investments and savings? (UK)
Estate Planning: Possible to set up a charitable trust that survives for hundreds of years?
Process to take over my mother's auto loan?
(UK) Can my bank get me a refund?
Where to from here? (India) x-post from r/education with some more details.
Finally have a proper emergency fund...what now?
(CA)(Global) Government assistance programs?
Are department store cards considered the same as bank credit cards when considering credit diversity?
Lapsed MD -- how do I manage my lower income?
Do you judge employers on how they treat you during hiring process?
Small businesses using Vanguard for 401k?
Unused credit card with a Credit Union. They've instituted a $4/month fee for checking, and I want out. Is it worth paying the ~$50 a year just so I don't take the hit to my credit score?
Savings below poverty line?
Advice on discontinuing one credit card and switching to another?
Can anyone help me figure out how to get a bank account while I'm on my Erasmus year in Italy?
Got hired after internship. How good or bad or decent was my pay raise?
To loan or not to loan?
Property tax and escrow?
Can I take out a loan against a retirement fund?
Overdrafted my account by $0.09 and my bank recalled my last payment to cover it (happened to be my $1,000 rent payment). Also charged me a $250 fee. Is this normal?
Should mortgage be paid off early?
How to handle health insurance after retirement?
Should I save WHILE paying off a debt?
Liquid money in Scottish bank, to move or not to move?
How do you deal with the anxiety that comes with spending money?
Massive credit score discrepancy b/w CreditKarma and CapitalOne info?
Security deposit payable to multiple people, how should I have them endorse it?
Need help with credit cards, to leave open or close?
I'm considering moving back in with my parents in two months to save up money to buy a house? Suggestions?
Buying condo even if costs 50% of take-home?
Americans living abroad, how do you transfer money into your US account without paying exorbitant fees?
I make a base salary of 100k and receive a highly variable year end bonus. Should I wait till the next calendar year to contribute to my IRA?
401k loan to pay off student loan?
Am I asking for trouble by paying off someone else's loan?
Need help with choosing the right Credit card and cancelling one? 750+ credit score
Will need to do a roth conversion but I have existing traditional IRA, tax implications?
Will I be able to buy a house?
(UK) Are Debt Free Direct any good?
What is your banking setup (checking, savings, investment)?
Paying off a credit card with one that has a lower interest rate... thoughts?
what should I do with this inheritance?
If the APR doesn't kick in for some time, will the credit score still be affected by "late" payments?
If I put the current maximum (17,500) into a 401k for the next 30 years, how much money should I realistically expect to have at the end of this period?
How much can I realistically pay for rent?
What the hell have I done with my life?
Financial advisor has some (maybe?) questionable financial disclosures. How bad is this? Should I look elsewhere?
Taxes on home I sold? Arizona
Should i move out for school?(Norway)
I have a ton of extra gift cards for places that I will never go to, what would you advise I do to sell them off?
My folks are in their mid sixties and after 15 yrs of financial hardship are now able to make ends meet with a small surplus. Any suggestions on smart things to do to invest for them?
Should I move 401k funds into Allianz fixed-index annuity?
How do I tell how I'm doing? I'm 35, married, no debt, 3 kids, renting my home, and about $270K in my accounts (savings, checking, retirement accounts, etc.). Where do I go to figure out whether my finances are healthy or on the right track?
I was hired late in the year - should I put my paychecks towards my (unmatched) 401k to catch-up or buy as much ESPP as I can?
Pay more towards auto loan or investment account?
How is overtime calculated in conjunction with holiday pay?
About to start a real job soon, what should i do with the extra money I take in?
Just graduated and got my first job, but where should I put my money first?
If you could start over at 18, what would you do differently?
Student Loan Default and Private Loans?
First Real Job -- Where do I start?
Mechanic trouble...what to do (for business)?
I just got a secured credit card to start building credit. How is the best way to use it?
Need some advice about cars??
Won a lawsuit! ....and uhh....shit now what (hopefully doing things right as of now?)
Anyone heard of a Claim Settlement Certificate?
In what circumstances is a new car a "good" investment? (financing)
Looking to upgrade housing. Should I keep renting or try for a FHA loan?
What advice do you have for people who have little money/no assets, and they are moving to a bigger city for more opportunities?
What to do with a ~250k inheritance? (CA)
I'm a high school senior with relatively high GPA &amp; test scores: am I crazy for planning 'only' to get an associate's?
My property management allows me to pay with a credit card. There is a 2.90% charge. Is there a card with 3% cash back on rent?
Where to start with 401k's and IRA's?
Convert my residence into a rental or sell it?
Best really, really intro resource/book on trusts &amp; investments?
What is the best way to transfer 1000USD from China to the USA?
Can I use my retirement funds to help with a downpayment on my first home?
Company has owed me 25k for over 6 months, CFO is giving me the run-around on submitted invoices. What steps should I take?
Donating to charity?
Want to save a couple hundred GBP a month for around 6 months, what are the best options? (UK)
Is Using a credit card at a bar is bad for your credit?!
How many miles per £1000 spent do you think a used car should do to be considered a good purchase?
The Saver's Credit (sounds like a really awesome accountant's heaven) Question?
How much house can I afford?
Bad idea to cash out company matched stock account?
Pay off car loan or invest in index funds with RRSP?
Spend on experience not on things?
Buy a boat to live on, year-round...thoughts?
Per Diem interest on a student loan refinance?
Bank mistake? Or do I owe them money?
Best Way to Take Advantage of my Situation?
wrongfully sent to a creditor (how do i fight this?)
Anybody up for some advice giving?
Avalanche vs. Snowball for NewlyWed Couple?
Payoff student loans or save for mortgage downpayment?
Debt collector sent a letter saying that they can settle my debt with Chase for 60% of what I actually owe. Is this even real?
I am applying for a loan to buy a house. Will opening a new credit card hurt or help my credit score in the short versus long term?
Request: Searching for yesterday's front page post about free $9,000 savings program?
Thinking of opening a bank account for my newborn, advice?
When financing a car, can you negotiate the interest rate?
20 years old, working full time making $14/hr and I have almost no expenses. What to do with my money?
Just finished reading rich dad poor dad and now I want to read a very simple, easy book that introduces the topic about real estate investing. Anyone know of a good book to read?
Debt and High Quality or Free and Lower Quality?
moving for work, contract to hire, contract and full time?
Borrow from 401k to pay credit cards?
I have been making monthly payments on student loans, and have started online courses for a grad certificate (company paid). I got an email saying my loans are in deferement again while I am in school- should I let them go to deferment? What should I do?
Maxed IRA, mediocre 401k funded up to match, fully funded HSA and cash savings each month....what's next?
Should I buy a new car?
Student loan refinance company, SoFi - thoughts?
How do you find/keep track of all the potential tax credits, government program benefits, etc.?
Are Investing and the FAFSA Mortal Enemies?
My Gross income on paper is around ~$40k. What government programs (USA) am I missing out on?
Just joined the millitary, what mistakes should I avoid?
Is this a good CC - CapitalOne VentureOne Miles Rewards card?
Good free resource for UK financial planning?
How much money to put in 401k? (22M)
If you could go back in time and become 29 years old again, what would you do different?
Should I make minimum or maximum payments on my loans?
Getting out of a rushed car loan?
Receiving $440k in two months. What are my options? (CA)
Budgeting Percentages?
Re-balance to include GIC's? Are they useful?
Just got my first full-time job after uni, what's the best way to deal with my money? (UK - England)
If Social Security has an incorrect birthday on file for me, will that screw things up on a credit card application?
Should I get more credit cards?
Loans and Interest calculation - would paying every day be better than once a month?
What Would You Do? Receiving small settlement, most bases are covered and seeking interesting ideas.
Got my first credit card and clueless. How do I build credit fast?
"Innovative" new 15 year mortgage. There are some major undisclosed details here, right?
Nasty credit score surprise. What do I do? (CA)
Pay off credit card fast or save a little and pay it slowly?
Taxed based on pay frequency?
How do I borrow cash without hurting my credit too much?
Problems with my Local Government 457 Plan. What are my options??? Need Help!
Gas problems: Solution a scooter?
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they claim they'll make you?
No debt, making 6 figures. Where to put my money?
A speaker at my professional program told us that after graduation, we should first focus on saving $50,000, and only then on paying off student debt. Has anyone heard of this/done this?
Freelance makeup artist with finicky income. How to save money better..?
Finally landed a job after college! How do I figure out how much of my salary I truly have left over each month after taxes? I am clueless.
(Canada) Hey, I'm in university right now and it is super hard to find a job in Southern Ontario. It's especially hard to find a job willing to work with my school schedule. Does anyone have methods of generating income without having a job?
What to do now if want to own a farm/ranch?
Have a great opportunity for a military "career starter loan". How do I invest it?
Should I increase my credit card limit?
Should I Pay The Debt Collector or Directly?
better to have multiple credit cards to spend equally or just one?
Western Union is charging me $627 in fees for a refund/charge denying the transactions took place. Help?
I got an email from a guy who saw my video on YouTube, he's offering me money, what do I do? (AU)
How do I start an online trading account for a Roth IRA?
How should I plan around a pension?
Got rejected from credit card application?
House is falling apart, possibly beyond repair. $13k a year take-home pay. Nowhere to rent. What should I do?
Quick question: Should I pay off a chunk of my mortgage early?
I'm a freshman in college about to go to my first day at a part time job. Basically no expenses. What should I do with the money?
Recently graduated college, got my first job, now what?
Sell the car or ship the car?
Just found a retirement account with $350 in it, what do I do?
Is there anything wrong with having multiple credit cards if I don't use all of them?
How to financially prepare for a child on the way?
Best options for private student loans? (US)
I returned an unopened item promptly to a store and was charged 5% just because I was canceling a credit card transaction. I find this unacceptable. What do you think?
Which debt should we go after next?
Calculating return - is this a philosophical question?
Just turned 21, paid off all debt and want to start making money. Where do I start?
Sold house, living with parents, have CC debts including a time-limited "same as cash" loan, saving up for new house. What to pay down first?
Does barclays online savings offer wire transfers?
Bought a late-model truck today. Went with the dealer's bank. How soon can I refinance at my credit union?
New job, no debt, how should savings/investments be allocated?
Use money from Savings+401k, or from paycheck-401k?
Does paying your cell phone bill build your credit?
Today is my eighteenth birthday and I want to get a credit card, what is the best credit card for someone just starting out financially?
Should I wait to invest, while I pay down my debt?
Escrow increased after first year because home was not eligible for homestead act exemption. When will it balance back out?
Can paying Mortgage Insurance to put 5% down be worth it if you invest the other 15%?
I have an IRA and 401k that reinvest capital gains and dividends. What is recommended for taxable accounts, however?
Where can I check my credit score besides annualcreditreport.com?
CC : 0% APR for 14 months, do I have to make payments?
Banking card without international banking fees? (CA)
I applied for a pell grant. I am on SSI and there were some tax questions. I have never done a tax anything before. Will it matter?
Getting a Raise ( sort of). Should I pay off dept ASAP?
Should I refinance my house or not? Here are the details.
Hit the reset button. Where do I start?
What happens if I sell my house before I have fully paid off the mortgage?
Apparently, my credit score went down by 160 points in 3 weeks...help?
21, maxed out credit card (about $1500) about two years ago, ignored collector and bank calls, what should be my next step to fix my credit?
business etiquette for "im charging you"?
College freshman. should my parents pay off some of loan now?
What are good ways for a highschool student to make money?
Major home repair bills, how to juggle until Home Owner's reimburses?
Anyone use YNAB 4?
How do I find the lowest cost 457(b) firm?
Barclaycard Rewards MasterCard - Average Credit Rewards program, worth it?
repay 401k or payoff credit card?
Should I take out a student loan?
Mint.com alternative for foreigners? (EU)
20 year old uni student - how much do I need as an emergency fund? (UK)
Can you still write-off a medical bill if you get financing for it?
(EU) We've had our credit cards for 10 years, always paid them off fully and on time, now our bank is refusing us a new replacement card. Is this normal? (see details)
Barclays Dream better than CD?
PF: 25yo, no debt &amp; 150k in cash - awkward and overwhelmed. What would you do?
is this normal? (401k question)
At what point does return justify high fees?
If buying stuff gives you happieness and experience, why is it so bad compared to travel, going out, etc?
Are there any free bank accounts that can automatically take percentages of every deposit, and put them in separate sub accounts?
Am I better paying off a loan or debt?
How much is your entertainment budget? what do you do with it?
(NL) should i get a credit card when i live in the Netherlands?
40k windfall, how best to make it grow?
Can I afford to move out?
Interest free savings and mutual funds through bank. Advice?
Does anyone know any good Apps for managing a budget/spending in a cash based society/country? [JP]
Financially savvy and frugal folks of /r/pf, does it bother you when someone complains about their financial situation, then remains willfully ignorant of how to fix it?
Unsolicited financial support from family: accept or decline?
Want to buy a home. Im a cosigner on my parents house. What to do?
I just found out I'm being audited. The state where I lived for a few months 5 years ago wants to charge me taxes against money I made months after moving. Does that seem right?
24-year old with no debt and low expenses, now making ~$50,000/year... How can I not just save but increase my wealth? (CA)
First timer opening Savings and Credit Accounts. Does this set up look good? (CA)
Is it worth it to keep a TSFA open?
Married people with joint accounts/CCs, how do you buy gifts for your SO?
Best way to transfer money to someone?
Confused about who to include for my mother's Ohio medicaid application?
(US) Is it a good time for me to buy a home?
How can I move out of my parents AND go to college?
How do I pay taxes as a subcontractor?
More paychecks = more taxes?
How-to get a secured (collateral) Loan without any proof of income?
Retirement overkill? Where should I focus?
Our home has earned over $300,000 in equity in under 5 years. Should we sell it?
I have my yearly salary/work performance review next month. How should I prepare?
My company offers a ESPP, I make ~34K a year. Is it worth it to contribute the max for a period of time as a means of building up savings?
What would you do in this situation?
Apartment Insurance? - NYC
Wife wants $2500 wedding ring. We're kinda broke, and fuck De Beers. What's a good alternative to make her happy &amp; save money?
I've been with a big company as an independent contractor for 7 years. Recently learned that the irs considers me an employee. And that I've been misclassified the whole time. Should I file an ss8 form for back taxes? Worth it? Repercussions?
Should I keep putting money into a savings account (in addition to a cd) or stop after a certain point and invest?
Just got laid off, what now?
19 Year Old w/ 90K Salary...how to manage this money smartly?
Am I making the right financial decision? Could impact my career in a good way, but I'm scared stupid
Rolling 401k into Roth IRA. Which service should I use?
Filed dispute with Transunion, what does "New Information" mean?
Getting 45k payment.. Canada.. Tax or other considerations?
I am an 18 year old with a part-time job considering making a Roth IRA. Is there anything I should know about making it?
Got a big check. Want to pay off recent expenses on credit card. Advice?
In less than 12 months its time to start repaying student loans, what should I be doing in the meantime? +Tons of credit card debt... TIFU.
Do I need an accountant ?
Is this a good list of expenses? First time living on my own.
What Is The Best Option In Creating A College Fund For My 10 Month Old Daughter?
I'm 23 years old with no non-discretionary expenses, making above $100,000 USD a year in the third world, in a volatile industry. How do I best plan for the future?
How can I help pay for my nephew's college without getting taken advantage of?
Can my wife take out a loan without my knowledge? (US)
I started a Roth IRA and lost 7 dollars within the first week. Is it normal to lose money on your first week of investing?
Am I setting myself up for potential failure?
Cash or Student Loan?
Opening a checking/saving account with CapitolOne 360. Anyone have any experience with them?
USAA or Vanguard for IRA?
Can I afford a home?
College Student: Get higher payed job, or do research for less money?
Should I pay capital gains tax out of my brokerage account or just out of my bank?
Questions regarding a reverse mortgage/trust?
Is buying multiple cars "financially irresponsible" if you are a "car guy?" A question on finance allocation.
If my income is 60% salary and 40% stocks and bonuses, should I change how I calculate debt to income ratio?
Is it beneficial to change your insurance every year or two?
Tax help?
Should I buy a 2006 Nissan Altima? Good price, but can I afford it?
Can I claim my cousin as a dependent?
(CA) Family owns 160 acres in Saskatchewan; where do I start with trying to sell/make money off of it?
Looking to buy a house but I'm self employed... How much of a detriment is this?
What is the best way to transfer funds from a Canadian bank while on extended stay in the States?
I am curious as to if I should open another credit card(the one offered on Amazon) or not? Discussion in text.
How does investing in 401(k)s and IRAs differ for a non US citizen?
Saw a thread in here about people under the poverty line having an option to save money in an account that pays $3 to $1 over 3 years and has some pretty good options for saving for a new business. Now I can't find it. Anyone know what this is called?
In-laws considering quitclaiming their house to my wife. Ramifications?
I'm young and want to better my financial future. How do I start?
Do you use cash or a debit card for your spending money?
Paypal requests info for Anti-Money Laundering, hwo do I provide? (RO)
I own three vehicles, and pay about $50 on each for full coverage insurance. Is it possible to buy a different kind of insurance that'd cover them all under a single umbrella policy, for less money?
Advice for 24 y/o on which funds to select from companies 401k?
PF, what Checking account do you have and why?
Associates Degree, Worth it or not?
Can credit card companies do anything for people who have lost their job and cannot pay their bill?
Bad Credit, money in the bank. Old creditors. Mess. Whats the first step?
I have money coming from divorce. I have debts that I'm behind on. What to do?
My CC statement says payment isn't due til Oct. 1st...is it ever TOO early to pay?
I've searched everywhere for an IDA in my state -- can anyone help me?
College student here: can/should I buy a car? Also, what should I do with $1500 in student loans?
New to the game, with $1-2K to invest. What should I do first?
Bank closed my credit card account due to postal error. Is it worth it to re-open it?
When is it safe to alter my employment after a home loan?
How much do you save for retirement, and what assumptions do you work with?
Should I be ashamed of working two jobs?
Family Corporation?
Which retirement plan option seems best?
When is it a good idea to ask for a credit increase?
I don't know how loan interest works. I'm trying to finance an auto loan. Halp?
Increasing my credit limit. What are the affects?
Will adding SSN on authorized user credit card help my credit score?
Does anyone know of a good online calculator for financials?
I am new to USA(NYC)(Jan14), I apparently have an L2C credit score of 718 and I just got my SSN a week ago. Need credit card help?
When should I start investing in mutual funds?
~$20,000 in savings, is it wise to put a down payment on a home?
About 1 million...financial advisor?
I'm shopping for a residential re-fi in CA. Advice? Warnings? Company you love? Ones to avoid?
Opening a Roth IRA. Does the bank I choose matter (between PenFed and USAA)?
How do you "shop" for doctors?
Bank account opening bonuses: worth it if I don't intend to change banks?
First UK Credit Card?
Is there a limit to how much I can pay on any kind of loan/mortgage?
A pub "POS Reversed" my drink and tip charges from last night, accrediting the amount back to my account. What is this, and am I going to be charged again?
I want to transfer balances. Should I request an increase in credit line, or apply for a new card?
Evening the Odds: Is there a way to use data to my advantage during my yearly review?
Family says I'm doing everything right... but what can I do better?
Social Security Card stolen-what should I do?
First job out of college, how do I choose funds to invest in for my 401k?
I'm 21, making $9/hr plus tips, and going to school pursuing a science/tech degree. How do I become financially stable?
Refinancing, should I take equity out?
I'm 23, currently working as a substitute teacher, pursuing a graduate degree. Advice on credit cards?
How to become financially independent from toxic family?
what is a check cash advance?
just had twins, best savings plan?
Which should I do next: refinance auto-loan or apply for another CC?
Why does my credit score drop when I have a balance on my credit card?
What kind of savings account do we need?
Radical budget of $600 per month, what's wrong with it?
How to best target student debt loans? (Please advise)
Getting kicked out of my house [Male, 18, Maryland] What do I need to know?!
529 or State college Pre-Paid (Florida)? Need some serious help
Use old investment to pay off student loan debt?
What shows up on a credit background check ?
Best way to become financially stable while in grad school?
Rejected for a student credit card...what gives?!
Financing a castle, any advice?
[19M] 5% Contribution + Employer matched in a traditional retirement account (TSP) versus 10% contribution w/no match?
Best way to refinance student loans?
I was just offered a job in Houston, Tx. Do I take it?
Started a Roth IRA account. No idea what I'm doing :( Help?
Does anyone know where I can find a run down of a banks (any bank) fees in Spanish?
Advice about a medical bill being sent to collections (I'm certain that this isn't my bill in the first place)?
Wells Fargo bank account. If I deposit money on Sunday for a bill that will be automatically debited on Monday, I should be safe right?
I'm a new user looking to invest.....has anyone used Fous Alerts?
Is pet insurance worth it?
So I bought a house this year and I was wondering how exactly will that affect my taxes ?
New Teacher: what accounts should I be investing in for retirement?
Am I doing alright? Balancing student loans with life goals/savings....
Paid collection still showing open with $0 balance. Will this impact my credit to leave it this way?
Still living at home at 26. Am I too worried about saving?
So I kept my SSN card in my wallet and I lost my wallet last night. How screwed am I?
Should I sell my car to finance my education?
Do net expense ratios on mutual funds really matter for long-term IRA and 401(k) investors?
If you could go back to high school, what would you do differently with your money?
What happens to your retirement funds if you move out of the US before 65?
[28, US] Once a year I like to take a look at my retirement outlook, however this year I really want to look at the details and create a concrete plan. Could you critique and better my plan?
Stories from average families: How many of you have built up your entire net worth with an average income and no gifts or inheritances?
Is renting really the best short-term housing option?
Help! where should my money go?
Asking a landlord about buying our current apartment to build equity?
Has anyone had any experience self-publishing on Amazong?
[QUESTION] Should I open up my own bank account, or continue with what I have?
Has anyone had any experience with self-publishing on Amazon?
Hire an insurance agent or do it ourselves?
Overpaying a SoFi consolidation loan?
What can I do about my bills?
Where to shop around for insurance without getting annoying calls for 6 months?
Building a new house - rent or buy a rental while building?
Limited 401k Fund Choices. Worth increased expense ratio for asset diversity?
Home Depot opened 2 accounts at hthe same time ?? Do I close 1?
Does anyone have experience with Value Averaging?
My birthday is wrong at the two credit agencies in Canada, I can't get a credit report, and I always fail credit checks. How do I change it?
Should I take a pension buyout?
I don't see any convincing reason to pay more than the minimum on my ~4% student loans... am I wrong?
International student in US with no SSN and doesn't have credit card, and I want to buy a car? Is it possible
Trying to be responsible as soon as possible. How should I handle a large about of money?
What are some of the best banks in the US in terms of consumer fraud protection?
21, USA - Alternatives to Roth IRA for someone planning to retire before age 59 1/2?
Recent college grad, what credit card should I get?
How much can I reasonably pay for rent with unstable income?
I'm only 16. What steps can I do starting from applying to university, to a few years after can I take to ease the transition to "life"?
What kind of savings account for a 1 year old?
retirement contribution advice - any interesting thoughts?
Would it be irresponsible for me to purchase this car?
Should I replace my Target Date Retirement Fund?
How to live on 700 / mo SSD (my disabled cousin) ?
Fresh uni graduate and landed a job in pharmaceutical sales. 55k/year with 500/month for car allowance. Does anyone have advice about lease/finance for a new car?
(CA)nadian should I opt out of the student dental + health plan? And wait for a better work plan?
Here are my finances: What is the best way to save and grow my money?
It is wiser to not pay off fixed-rate student loan debt as soon as possible if high inflation is coming?
Should I refinance my government loans?
Teachers of r/PF, help a newbie out?
Can I afford to spend 10k on a car?
[OH] Is This Job Worth It?
Lease, Buy outright or Loan for a car?
How does one go about selling a financed car?
How do I prepare myself for moving out of my parents house?
Are antiques a good investment?
Is it feasible to buy a house by summer 2016?
How can a 14 y/o bill someone?
Buy a house or car first?
How do you all find the time to manage your finances?
31 and single with $135k saved up and $100k a year salary in NYC. Should I buy an apartment?
Just got my license (age 24); should I buy a car?
Can I contribute all of my income to 401k?
What are the best books for budgeting and personal finance management? See my story.
Going to major in finance and will start my classes soon. Which books should I read in preparation for it? Or other methods?
Personal finance software?
How can I get rid of this car?
How many bank accounts do you guys have, and what are each of them for? Forgive me if this is a nosey question.
Took out $2200 extra in student loans this semester to help finance a car, good or bad idea?
Can I get an auto loan?
How do I buy disability insurance?
How Soon After Getting a Loan Can You Refinance?
Promotion within my company means becoming an exempt employee - OK to negotiate based on loss of overtime?
If end of QE tanks stock market, where is best place to park money during downturn?
I'm an FTE that make $272k/yr. Thinking about becoming a contractor...does it make sense?
Is Buying Possible?
Self-Employed 401K Funded With Side Business Income?
750/760 Credit Score - $85,000 in combined income - First Home Purchase? (ID)
Help!! Garage wants an extortionate sum of money to replace a worn out part on my car. What are my options?
Should I save my cash or pay down my mortgage? (CA)
Cost of living / Debt has gotten to much, any ideas? (UK)
Using Credit Card to pay bills?
I got a text from someone pretending to be my bank, gave them some info, am I screwed?
Are there any legitimately good ways to make money on the internet that could replace or supplement a full time/minimum wage job? If so, what are they?
I have a BA in business, is there any good (not super expensive) certifications I can get to boost my salary?
Can a bank teller disclose account info to others? [UK]
How can I get off this financial treadmill?
I got a large insurance settlement, finally ready to invest it all. Can you just look over my rough financial plan?
Faced with $5200 auto repair...sell, refinance or pay?
What happens to unpaid student loans? (US)
Question: Can you pay more than your monthly minimum payment on a private student loan without them increasing the interest rate in response?
Hi PF, why do so many of you care about your credit score so much?
401(K): If my company starts contributing to 401(K), will the Social security wages go up on W2?
Is it possible for me to get the money I paid for tuition back when I file taxes?
Verizon Edge - worthwhile?
Does cancelling a student loan application affects your credit?
Girlfriend's car repossessed, worth paying ~2k to get it back? Or just cut losses and take the hit?
[Serious] Is it ethical to use a food bank as a means to pay down debt?
Companies falling stocks an indicator for quitting?
New job prospect might mean I'll be moving my 401k. What would happen to my 401k loan?
I've been saving $700 a month into a Wells Fargo savings account with terrible interest rates. What would I be better off doing with the money to increase its value?
A friend hired me (through verbal agreement) to capture video footage in another city. Made the drive, shot footage, and the material was delivered to him. Now he won't pay. What can I do?
Tuition Reimbursement - Tax Deductible?
How to compare fund performance between Morgan Stanley and Vanguard?
I do freelance videography. One individual who hired me won't pay me for the work. What can I do?
How does PF feel about prenupts?
Worth it to trade in my 2-1/2 yr old Prius Std (@3.25% loan) for a new Prius (@0%) ?
Parents have hurt me financially. What do I do next?
What's the best low-risk way to invest money?
Excel templates for tracking income and expenses?
What do I do when I can't a pay a debt in collections in 30 days?
I am re-balancing my portfolio. I have a Roth 401(k) and Roth IRA. Do these allocations make sense?
Who do you decide between a Bank and a Credit Union?
How can I begin to establish good credit?
I was involved in a small fender-bender. The lady demands I pay her in cash, otherwise she takes it to her insurance. How do I create a document saying she received the money?
Thinking of using Intuit's 'Check' (check.me) android app to track bills &amp; expenses - is this a good app/service? Anyone have feedback/experience?
Financial Stock Books?
Switching Jobs? (Construction/Engineering Field)
I am in independent contractor and receive a 1099 each year from my clients. My overhead is almost nonexistent, but I do save all my receipts. I am reimbursed for mileage, per diem, and lodging. Is a do it yourself type tax program ok for me or do I need an accountant?
Any advantages of moving money from Roth IRA into a new 401K?
Debt consolidation loan?
Looking to invest in something?
What are some good index funds for a Roth IRA with Vanguard?
Question: Will canceling multiple credit card accounts negatively impact a credit rating?
Investment Options?
Is there anything I'm missing where I can save money on?
How do I improve my credit score, if my only apparent problem is late payments?
Should I buy a house to rent to my mother?
24 yr old looking to do more with my money.. Any ideas and how am I doing for my age?
What should I do with my money after maxing out 401(k) and IRA? What are you doing with yours?
Going back to school?
I'm looking for vehicle insurance and I don't want to get stiffed. What does a teenager freshly chucked out into the world need to know?
How do I build my credit post bankruptcy chapter 7?
Type of retirement account to open after employer sponsored and Roth IRA?
Unpaid derogatory public record?
boyfriend wants me to get a new car that he'll help me make payments on so that he can have my old car... should I?
Filed for bankruptcy in 2005. Thought it was supposed to "come off" my credit after 7 years. Just got turned down for a credit card because they saw my previous bankruptcy. How do I fix this?
How much does your credit score increase every time you make a monthly CC payment on time?
Buying a house. Use savings as down payment or pay off student debt?
My Company Does Not Match My Contribution for 401K. Am I Better off with my ROTH IRA?
Paying down the house or student loans? By the numbers..
Phone company lied about what I was getting charged for - what can I do?
How much money did you have saved up by the time you were 30?
Should I get a house?
I am a full time student living with parents and commuting to NYC for 3 hours each day. What's the first step I should take to move out?
How should I record stock options in my finances?
Can someone please help with a collection question?
Can you determine the value of trust/estate based on taxes required upon deceased?
Private student loan offering me a debt settlement. Do I have more options than what they're offering me?
Pay off debt or save for retirement?
How do *you* budget for gifts/special occasions?
I applied for 2 credit cards, and only want to activate one of them. Will not activating a card I applied for hurt my credit score? If so, how badly?
My dad told me I should join the military to help my financial future, is this a good idea?
To PFers who have filed for bankruptcy, why did you file and what consequences has it had on your life?
I lost the thread on reddit about Government ira program that matches up to $4,500ish free money for college students? More info inside...
(CA) Freshly turned 18, what is my next step?
Mid-Late 30s people who are behind, financially. Any success stories?
I am currently a psychology undergraduate. I am majoring in psychology because the field is interesting to me, and I get exited learning about it. I know its one of the worst prospective fields to go into (financially). Am I making a mistake declaring it as a major?
Received debt settlement offer for very old debt- what should we do?
When should I allocate to my available 401k funds?
I have consolidated student loans in the amount of 70,000 at 7.25%. I accrue 15 dollars a day on interest alone. Should I get a private loan/take out a mortgage?
Employer does not match 401K. Should I still keep 401K or invest it somewhere else?
Pay off student loans as soon as possible or use money to invest?
Dumb question: Should I borrow against my 401k (without penalty) to pay off credit card debt?
Where should I live?
Is it good to accept when my credit card company offers a credit increase?
My wife missed a payment on her Kohl's card while we were on vacation. Is there a way we can have this avoid affecting our credit score?
Am I in a position to purchase a car?
Which graduate school plan makes the most financial sense?
Taking a year off after graduating before going for my master's next year. Can I still apply for a student card? (X-post from r/credit)
What career in business should i pursue if i want better job oppurtunities, salary and benefits?
Paying my title loan off?
How does a credit card company know about my income?
Financing Rates?
Am I in a position to purchase a vehicle?
my debt will be paid off in dec. what do i do next?
US- Relocating for a new job. Where should I buy a car?
~15k in checking, no savings. Is it worth opening a savings account?
When can I next contribute to my Roth IRA, if I contribute the max today?
Am I in a position to purchase a car?
No 401k match with my new job, so where do I roll my current 401k?
Question about the 3 credit bureaus. How accurate are they in aggregating your data and sharing it with you?
Early buyout for lease?
I'm 21 and I think it's time I get my first credit card...help?
My roommate just sprung he is moving out early from our lease. Now me and my other roommate have to foot the bill. What can we do?
When can I next contribute to my Roth IRA account if I contribute the max amount today (9/15)?
My bank suggests leaving my money in a Money Market instead of my checking. I've never done this before. What should I know about it?
What is the point of a non-deductible traditional IRA?
How much more rent should my roommate have to pay to move his girlfriend in? [serious]
Two secured credit cards - should I close one?
Car dealership wants credit application filled out when not using their financing. I walked. Am I wrong?
Good idea to buy stock in the company I work for?
After an account is reported as R9 on your credit report, can the company continue reporting R3's, and R4's on the same account?
Should I get out of my car loan?
Leaving my job for self employment. What is a good insurance company in US to be self insured?
How bad does debt-relief affect credit? I'm ~20k in debt and about to leave the country to unstable income.
Moving and selling home - use funds to pay off car?
What are the odds the Australian dollar will bounce back up in terms of US exchange rates over the next few weeks?
Will getting married help me and my GF with financial aid?
Pay down mortgage or contribute to Retirement acct?
Where should my retired mother invest 100k?
My mom is considering bankruptcy. We're all horrible with money. What can we do?
[UK] So over the past 3 months I've essentially ignored my debt in a childish fashion. I've been hiding in my house and ignoring the world but I can't ignore this eviction notice so I'm going to have to turn my life around. It's time to grow up. What do I begin with? (List of debts inside)
[Question] Rolled over an old 401K into a Fidelity IRA...now what?
Dropped my wallet on the bus yesterday. Cancelled my cards, but it was too late. How should I brace myself for identity theft?
Moving to hawaii. Can't find a apartment due to self employment. What do I do?
BofA "selling" my banking account to another bank. Is this normal for banks?
(Canada) Have some debt that has been racking up and I have been childish and ignored it. Can anyone help me here?
Roth 401(k) and Roth IRA?
Would getting married help my situation?
Is there anything I can do to improve my finances? Ultra-minimalistic, 28 year old drop out here. Criticize me!
How do I tell my kids and let them understand that I am not doing well financially now?
Grandfather passed. How do we locate CDs?
How are we doing and what can we be doing better?
My small credit union isn't compatible with Mint. What's the next best way to track my spending?
I'm looking to buy a house in the next 18 months... I graduated from college last year and am making 60k+, but never really did anything with credit outside of my student loans... how can I maximize my credit report? I'm looking to be pre-approved for a mortgage ASAP!
What is r/personalfinance's view on pyrimid scheme businesses ?
Best CC for GAS ?
In 2014, is there ever a situation where going to community college for two years to knock out Gen. Ed. classes before transferring DOESN'T make sense?
Hypothetical: Better to pay minimum long term on very low interest rate loans or be aggressive?
Received Bankruptcy Paperwork in the mail addressed to me, Wasn't my information. Anything wrong?
Did i just majorly screw up?
How much did you spend on your wedding?
Health insurance- seems like an unreasonable amount of time to update coverage?
Early 20-something F year old, making a big move to NYC a year from now, what can I do to prepare?
Max IRA or maintain emergency fund?
Recommendation for a prepaid visa? Trusted, no fees? To pay bills.
Can you pay for a credit card bill with a debit card?
Possible to use prepaid credit cards to pay balance on credit card?
What's the least amount of detail a budget can have and still be useful?
21 - maxed roth, what to do next?
Exercised stock option-&gt;Stock price dropped-&gt; company being sued-&gt; should I join class action suit?
Should I bother setting up retirement benefits for 3 months?
My roommate responded to an ad on Craigslist for a delivery/driver job. Two weeks go by and he receives an advance check in the mail for ~$1900, and instructions from the guy so he can pick up the car and begin work tomorrow. This seems really weird. What do do?
Any tax strategies when selling stocks for down payment on home?
I have $25k~ in a 4.5% interest guaranteed StateFarm investment account, should I take it out?
Do I pay off student loan debt or save for future?
$30K - double or nothing?
Education savings account for a child that doesn't exist yet?
What is the best Child Education Fund?
How can I help an older man, with no credit cards or computer skills, start to get a handle on his budget?
So I recently found out my identity had been merged with my little brother's for years and that was the reason why my applications for credit have been declined. I have now changed that status so that my little brother and I are different people, but now I have a blank credit score. What now?
When to close credit card accounts?
What do the budgets of people actually making a salary look like?
How's my outlook after high school?
Denied loan because of criminal history?!!?!!?!?
How does rock bands split profit amongst members ?
Tax Shelters In Retirement?
How Should I Be Splitting Up My Paycheck For The Future?
How does Mint make money?
Just got an offer for a marketing consulting gig. Should I ask for a W-4 or a 1099?
Looking to purchase my first home... how much should I have saved up first?
Should I get a private loan for graduate school or pay in cash?
In what order should I pay off my student loans?
How to tell if you are living within your means?
[Korea to US] Need to send a check to board of ed in US. I'm in Korea. What are my options?
Can someone please explain how expense ratios work?
Lower interest higher principal for paying earlier?
I'm primarily paid in cash, what's the best way to protect myself and save when tax season rolls around?
My fiance owes 50k in student loans, where to start?
Maxed out tax-advantaged accounts, where/when to invest?
How to adjust my new salary budget for a pension?
Teacher Retirement fund instead of 401(k), what next?
Looking to finance a new car, suggestions?
IRA thru credit union?
Does this make sense? (Financing versus leasing car)
Is there ever a reason to finance a new vehicle if you have the cash?
Acting as a guarantor for an international student just for proof of funds... safe?
Taking out a loan at 2% through my credit card to invest - good idea?
[CAN] I'll be coming into a large sum of money before year end. How can I keep a larger percentage of it?
How do I start a divorce?
Where should I start to track down an old 401K account?
Should I pay off a 2% APR loan if I am able to?
Claiming one-time consultant fee on next years tax returns?
Got a new job that offers 401k but doesn't match. What do?
How to get the RISE 126% deadbeats tk stop sending me offers?
Any suggestions to earn external income? (SG)
Why not invest a six-months-of-expenses emergency fund?
Next step - what investments to make? (NZ)
Should I sell my stock to pay off my outstanding credit card bills?
Moving to Malaysia for first job after college. Tips on how to start saving money?
Suggestions on low-cost college investment funds?
Tips for Australian Student on saving money?
Is there a good reason why ANYONE should not pay their debt even if they have the money?
61000 pre-tax job out of college in Manhattan. How much should I be saving? I am a non-US citizen, is 401K a good idea?
Does anyone remember the checklist/steps to buy a house?
Where can I get help with my taxes for free? Is there an organization I can turn to?
Investing in some Vanguard funds: Should I use Vanguard or existing Scottrade account?
Loans questions for Master's Program. What to do and NOT do do?
Got entry level position in a different state. Never handled my own finances, so where do I even begin to try to budget ?
How to convince my dad to start using Vanguard funds for the low expense ratios?
Entrepreneurs of PF, how do you handle meeting your savings goals while providing funding to your business ventures?
VBMFX - Taxable account or Roth IRA account for Tax efficiency?
Is a smart thermostat worth the money?
PF, I got my first "real job". What's an appropriate and realistic amount to start investing in my 401k?
Paying back student loans via credit?
Should I purchase a condominium now or wait three years until my girlfriend is done with grad school?
How much can I afford to spend on a car?
How much % do you guys tend to down payment on a car?
Just met my yearly deductible, what kind of exams/check-ups should one look into for the cost of a copayment only?
Online Charitable Donations such as Humble Bundle: Are those tax deductible?
Debt from a bank is over 7 years old, should I pay it?
How do you determine if relocating for a job is worth it?
[US] Senior in college- live in a run-down apt for a year to save money?
How does leasing a car affect your credit score?
Are you able to log into mint? I've been getting timeout errors for the last 3 days.
Do I need to start looking for a fee-only financial planner?
I am considering changing my old 401k to a Self-Directed IRA so that I can use it for real estate investing. What are your thoughts on this and can you recommend a financial services firm that will allow me to open a self-directed IRA?
Contributing to a 401k with no employer match?
What is the reason that Chase requires activation every quarter for the 5% Cash Back rewards?
Advice for a college student, please?
List of (financial) things to discuss before getting married?
What to do with 500K?
[US] Everyone on my team at work is a contractor and we don't get paid extra for overtime. Are there any tax benefits/write-offs that would apply to this?
Trading in a car I still owe money on, that I'm also upside down on. Good or Bad Idea?
Am I doing my personal finance right? Need to start savings
PF: What bank do you use and why?
No savings. Should I go to college or university? (CA)
Is this annuity a good choice for a (2) minor?
/r/pf, I REALLY, REALLY need help managing my finances. Can you point me to some specific resources? (US)
Treadmill desk tax deductible?
What would you estimate my interest rate to be?
How should I purchase this bike?
Is there a relationship on how much your car or house should cost based on your salary?
Are there any negative aspects to consider when taking out a small subsidized student loan that I pay back before graduation?
Need to refinance my auto loan... any suggestions/tips?
How Do Successful Retirees Do it?
Is anybody here living *significantly* below their means for the express purpose of saving money?
Should I pay my loans of as soon as possible or pay them "normally"?
How can I come up with a down payment for a house?
How much should a flat fee CFP charge?
Any reason to pay off home loan faster or invest the savings?
What is "Step 7" for me?
I've made an estimate of my expenses in the coming months. What do you guys think?
Mortgage debt settlement for expat?
We're thinking about renting out our house and going back to an apartment. What's something I probably haven't considered?
Anyone know if 'LOAN DEPOT' is a reputable home loan outfit? Their boiler room saleswoman is promising NO FEES on a home refi vs. Quicken's $4,000 in fees ?
Healthcare bills: Why pay full amount when I can have it go to collections and settle for 50% of the bill?
Mystery deposit into my "Reserve" account?
What's the best and easiest way to start a budget?
Should I pay off ~$13,000 at 3.4% student loan debt?
Best Avenue to Pursue a Short Term Loan?
How much should I save before moving to another state for a year?
What is the best place to keep my 10k emergency fund?
Negative correlations: invest in VXX and IWM, buy low, sell high?
What to do with my car situation?
French bank charging me a fee they said they wouldn't. I'm now across the world and just want my account closed. Do I actually need to pay it? (CA)
Can someone please advise me?
Student Loan repayment to raise credit?
How often do you replace your car?
Looking to get rid of amazon credit card. What's the best way to reduce the blow on my credit score?
Can a collection agency re-file a debt after being deleted from my credit report?
Debt to a German company - should I pay it?
UPS and Collection Agency?(CA)
(CA) Have a tip for the kids?
I have $14K+ in a TIAA CREF portfolio from my past job. I've started a new job that does not have a retirement plan. I know I should roll it into an Roth IRA, but which one?
I just received a new credit card...what should I do?
$50,000 in debt owed to Government. Cannot make any reasonable dent in the debt. Options?
547 Experian Credit Score / 561 Equifax &amp; TransUnion. How can I improve my score? How long will it take?
Realized I'm paying 46% of my paycheck in taxes. Any advice?
Using same company for general stock investing and employer's 401K company?
Pro rata of tax?
Collection agency came after me for money ~4 years ago, I resolved the issue, but it's still on my credit report?
How much do you keep in your bank account and why? What percent of your salary is in the bank?
Should I spend over 50% of my income on rent for a few months?
Greendot card with my name on it showed up in the mail. Didn't ask for one. Scam?
Can you cash savings bonds with someone else's name?
Can you help me understand the actually value of credit score vs. interest rate?
Would you walk away from this? 26 year old newlywed, small midlife crisis
What inflation value are we using?
Is it illegal for my bank to transfer my money without my consent? (x-post from r/legaladvice)
How much should I put down on my house? Should I sell some investments to lower my mortgage?
Should I take a $5000 student loan?
Buying a condo and renting it out, worth it?
Currently employed for the federal government. Considering a position within the private sector. What are your thoughts?
Best savings account information?
I had a student loan forgiven. How much will taxes be?
Individual HSA or Low Deductable Health Ins Plan?
As an 18 year old looking for a minimum wage part time job, why does it makes sense for businesses to hire unskilled people like me? Which businesses are most and least likely to hire people like me?
Dad is now dating a gold digger, how do I protect my family's assets? (US)
If a hold is placed on your debit card, and the card is canceled, what happens?
Is refinancing a good idea?
[US] I am helping a friend who lives in Long Island, NY be able to move out with her fiance. Can you guys look over my numbers and see where I can improve things? Thank you.
No Schumer Box?
Split an inherited 401k?
Younger sister with no credit history has awful credit due to missed student loan payment: will cosigning a credit card substantially increase her score?
US stock market hasn't dipped, so why has my Roth IRA?
My credit score is very poor, what can I do to increase it?
Impending expenses?
Is there an optimal time to pay off a car loan to maximize the credit score gained?
Has anyone had any issues with Mint.com's credit score check?
I live in California and pay California State Tax, however I was employed by a company from Arizona. Can I still qualify for California Unemployment benefits?
I've just had a credit card number stolen and used. What is going to happen?
Fiance's parents are giving us $$$ to be used towards a wedding and our future (Honey moon, Bills, home etc...). How to best use it?
Just finished grad school w/$148k in student loans. How should I be spending/saving?
Trusted friend wants to loan. Should I accept?
How long did it take you to build your emergency fund?
Is My FICO Score Suspiciously High?
I just received a check from my settlement. What now?
If I refinance my home to use some of the equity as cash for remodel, do I have to pay taxes on it?
What's the best way/order to pay off these credit cards?
Getting $750k after tax from IPO - what should I do with it?
Can someone please check over this budget? Is it realistic? Managable?
Landlord wants to make us pay for his dehumidifier or kick us out?
Which route would be best for my credit score?
Should I be focusing my funds elsewhere first instead of establishing an emergency fund in my unique situation?
Graduating as a UK doctor in 8 months. Student debt payment plan?
Envelope System - What kind of envelopes to use?
Accumulated from ages 18 through 20. All in collections. Advice on how to handle? (CA)
My company offers Financial Advisors to manage our retirement account. Is it worth paying for?
A way to estimate student loan payments?
Should I take equity out of my 3.5%, $50,000 mortgage to pay off my 4.5%, $10,000 car loan?
Any advantage to tax-managed funds in a pre-tax retirement account?
Should I pay full amount of charged off credit card debt or go for the settlement?
Vanguard let me open a brokerage account with a $5.00 deposit as the funding amount; I have a feeling something wrong has happened; should this not have happened?
Never had credit cards. Finally was able to get car and house loans. However credit score still struggles to improve. Should I get a credit card? If so, which?
Would it make sense to refinance my car?
Debt from cell phone provider older than 7 years, should I pay it?
Do I need to pay taxes as a freelancer when I got paid from an offshore company into my USA bank account?
If i pay off a credit card today and apply for a loan a few days later, will my credit report show the zero balance credit card?
Should I take out a big loan from a credit union to consolidate all of my payments into one?
What is my next step?
Retirement Fund Help?
Are there any studies on the most successful passive income to supplement existing income?
Will be applying for mortgage soon, where should I put my property tax rebate I just got?
My 2 Kids (ages 5/4) receive $10,000 from my passed-Grandparent Inheritance in the form of a check from my uncle to me. What do I do with this?
Am I living way beyond my means? Where can I improve with my finances? Advice!
how to dispute bad debt / collection on the credit report?
18K worth of debt, roughly 60K in equity. What are my options?
What to do with stock given as gift?
Low-balled salary - what to do now? (UK)
Unemployed and need money. Should I cash out some of my stock or try to get a loan from a bank if it's possible?
Medical Bill In Collections. Who To Pay?
Do I need a secured credit card with no credit history, even if I'm getting offers for unsecured cards?
Should it bother me that my wife offered our rental unit to her sibling at a discount?
Is it worth it to add 20K worth of debt just to Study Abroad?
Do I have to pay for water being used to clean my apartment complex's common area?
Trimming Fat from Budget. Are we overlooking anything?
I'm eligible for a 401k for the first time on October 1st. Is there any way I reach my contribution limit by end of year without having my paycheck withheld?
Inheriting house in coming decade, what steps do I need to take?
Liquidate saving bonds to contribute to rIRA?
I refinanced on 01/2014, how do I know if HARP is a good idea?
Trying to fix my credit, missed payments 4 years ago are tanking my credit. Can I fix this?
So, I owe $75 in medical bills. Obviously, I can pay it off, but I got a settlement offer, any reason not to take it?
Parents offering to co-sign on a condo; buy with them or pay down debt?
Gf's little brother has no car. Gf wants to pay off the rest of her car and give it to him. Is this a good idea? Details inside.
Engagement rings! What is the best way to pay for one?
You can carry some deductions forward, like donations, right? Can you carry them back and adjust prior years?
Is paying more per month for healthcare worth it just to have access to an HSA?
To default or not?
Is subsidized COBRA still a thing?
Choosing retirement plans at age 25?
[US] Web-based personal finance site/software?
How to get rid of $2k by the end of the month, intelligently?
(Newly Wed) What are some good options for joint-bank accounts? Tips on how to set up our finances?
Zombie Mortgage - How do I get rid of this thing?
Parents refusing to do their taxes which is affecting my financial aid options for college. What options to I have?
What should I do with my 401K?
Closing/reopening CC used for special financing?
Have my parents committed fraud against me?
Buying a Home- Correct Assumptions around Tax Deductions?
Credit cards. Should I get more?
GF (college student) has no credit history. I have a score in the 700s. Will adding her as an authorized user help her out?
Is my girlfriend being ripped off by her new job?
Extend Federal Student Loans to focus on paying off Private??
Should we keep whole life insurance?
My parents aren't being direct about our financial situation and multiple things are clearly wrong. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
Car is getting repo'd. Credit is shot. Any way to keep it?
Car is getting repo'd. Anything I can do in this situation?
Live in Ohio, work remotely for a company in Wisconsin. How do taxes work?
Roommates want to pay me cash, is this good or bad?
Will be paid in cash for a part time college job, how to go about paying taxes?
Hello Personal Finance Users, I have something to say?
Is a car loan a good way to build up credit?
Car loan - Trying to pay it down faster where do I check to see if that'll screw me?
Best way of transferring credit card debt to new card?
Am I a tard? Can I afford this vacation :/
Cosigned a mortgage with parent... what are my options?
How much money did you have going into college?
What can I do to improve my quality of life and make more money?
student loan that doesn't build interest until I finish school?
I am a current high school student, what is the best paying job for me?
How common is it to get a Christmas bonus working for a nonprofit?
Stock options about to vest. Exercise and sell, exercise and hold, or just wait?
Thoughts about CAPM and PMP certification?
Friend's credit union isn't NCUA-insured. Should she bail out?
My mother has stopped paying on her credit cards. Until recently we shared an account with tens of thousands in it. Do I need to worry?
Who should I consult about my finance/business/tax questions?
What is the cheapest way to get euros for Europe? (e.g. lowest foreign transaction fees...)
Bank stole my money and refuses to return it, do I have any options?
Transferring Credit Card balance to another with a better rate?
College student here! Can someone help me set up a financial spreadsheet?
Anyone used a website like elance or similar to supplement their income?(Canada)
Do bonuses effect weekly/monthly expenditure?
$100k-135k windfall. What do?
What does it mean when a company is bought out?
FHA back to work loan vs MSHDA MI Next Home?
How Do You Find A Financial Advisor?
Moving from the States to Canada. Have some credit card debt in the States. How important is it for me to pay it off?
Question for CFP's: There is an experience requirement of 3 years in order to obtain a CFP. How did you fulfill this requirement?
Recent fed survey on finances. How do people retire?
Money stuck in a pension in a country I don't live in anymore - what should I do? (UK)
Second Mortgage to Pay off Student Loan Debts?
Is the additional income worth taking on a roommate?
For someone younger who has no immediate need to take out loans, could it potentially be beneficial long term to open up multiple credit cards at once?
Is your credit line the same thing as your monthly limit?
Should I temporarily use Income Based Repayment on student loans to grow emergency fund?
Sorry if this is overly ShowerThoughts-esque, but wouldn't the economy tank if pretty much everyone followed the advice of this subreddit and lived frugally and invested a large fraction of their take home pay?
received very large inheritance, how do i not squander it?
Does credit card utilization throughout the month matter if you pay it off in full by the statement closing date?
Giving seminar on financial wellness to college students. What info is important for me to teach them?
Economy shows weakness - stocks go up b/c of greater chance of continued Quantitative Easing. Economy shows strength - stocks plummet b/c of less of a chance of continued QE. Am I the only one that finds this alarming?
Should I switch from Wells Fargo?
[Question] Am I being unreasonable?
What accounting requirements are there for a “trust?” Several years ago my father died, leaving a trust that my brother, a lawyer is in charge of.
Starting to work in January. How much should I save?
We just sold our house and made a pretty sweet profit! What is the best way to handle the money while looking for our next place?
Buy house or pay on student loans?
401k Matching - Should I invest for my fiance?
Can student loans be beneficial?
Went to University one semester, dropped out, and am paying off a few loans. Would love to go back to a community college, but can't quite afford it now. Any advice?
Does this strategy make sense for trying to pay off my student loan quickly?
Is it crazy to max out 401k at a ~50k salary?
Say I have an old car that's a lemon and I can't sell. Could I get a title loan and not repay it, allowing them to repo the car. I get cash and get rid of the car. Is this legal / a good idea?
Vanguard Voyager Select - any experienced investors out here?
T Rowe Price Retirement Fund - 2055 or 2050? Currently 25 years old, 1.5 years in where I contribute 6% and my employer contributes 10%.
How can I find eligible tax credits for 2014?
Anyone in NYC ever used Doral Bank?
At what income range should one stop using TurboTax?
I loaned my uncle 100k cash for a small dry cleaning business on a handshake - am I an idiot? Probably.. Now have 50k to invest. Where do I go from here?
California PFers, how are you dealing with housing affordability (or lack thereof)?
Should I open a line of credit to consolidate debt and have easier cash flow?
21 years old here. Any advice (naturally, for the very distant future) on saving for my own home?
Can you help me?
I'm up for a promotion at work and they're low-balling me on the starting salary. How do I approach that?
Guys and gals... (Board approval pending) I have finally landed a big boy job that is going to change my finances from $10/hr to $39k/year. Help me plan appropriately?
Should I be saving more for retirement?
24, single, 100k+ salary, financially am I in the most fucked-over group of Americans?
Is there a catch to these offers from my bank?
Does anyone use SoFi? I'd like a referral so we can both get a cool $100.
Should I save up for a new car in a year, or continue to pay off my student loans?
Tried to Google a quote on money and it's author. Can't seem to find it. Maybe you guys know?
Does Ally bank let everyone deposit checks via cell phone picture?
How can a 17 years old manage money? (UK)
Leaving job to shorten commute. Can I roll over my 401k to wife's TSP ? What other options do I have ?
Taking the jump of home buying?
I'm a noob here, but wondering about the financial take on buying a piece of land and dropping a prefab. home on it?
should i show my refinance preliminary settlement statement to my business banker for re-subordination of a second mortgage on a business loan?
Where can I go find a financial advisor and how to pick the right one?
Fundamental Advice for Newbs: What percent of your annual take-home income should represent the major expenses? i.e. 25% for a car, 250% a home, etc.
Family members lost everything in fire. How do I help responsibly?
Leaving my current bank after they screwed me. Should I join a physical bank, online bank, or credit union for checking account?
Is it safe to use a wire transfer to buy from a car dealership?
How much will paying collections accounts help credit recovery?
Do you take care of your parents financially?
Best way to make 20k work for my 23 MO daughter?
What do you do to earn money-on-the-side and how did you get involved with it?
20 year old with impending divorce of parents. What should I do here?
hello. What are some examples of cash businesses or part time small business you may do on the side?
Same job 6 years, worst year financially last year, best year this year. I want to buy a house. Would you do the same?
[Serious] I want a new car but I owe on the one I have. What is my best course of action?
This sub loves to tell people they're not ready to buy a home, can we make a list of what you need before you buy?
Does this make sense for us to save for our wedding?
My dad has supported me for much longer than he had to. What are your experiences?
I made some dumb decisions, and my credit card balance currently exceeds my savings. Now what?
[F/21/UK] how can I get myself out of this mess? (Mum/debt)
Can someone explain the process of transferring non-tax protected investments from one firm to another without incurring capital gains taxes?
What should I do to prepare for the rest of my life financially? (UK)
Hello Reddit, I recently got a job but Im getting huge reductions from my paycheck and I dont know why?
Investing student loans - smart idea? [NL]
CrashCourse-type YouTube Channels Relating To Personal Finance?
What precautions (if any) should I use when using a realtor to find an apt?
23 / M / UK - How do I survive the next two years?
How to chose between 401(k) and back door Roth IRA?
Sick days counting toward emergency fund and pension vs retirement?
Not sure if this is the right place to ask, but how long does it take to get your credit score from 530 to 675?
Parents don't have a dime to retire, me and my two siblings ready to start pitching in. Where should the money go?
Is education in the US worth it for me? (18 years old)
Should I help my mom with the bills when I don't live with her? How much?
How can I start to build credit?
Should I enroll in a "Workplace Savings Plan"?
Is This Legal?? I think I'm getting screwed...
Does having a credit card open build credit?
Could you guys take a look at my financial plan for the next year and let me know how I'm doing?
I paid a collection agency $20, how should I expect that to affect my credit score?
What are "penny stocks?" Are they a legitimate thing?
Saving money while in CC debt?
Should I claim my GF's son on my taxes?
Does the balance history end immediately after finish paying it off?
How do I explain nicely to my mom that I don't want to add her as an authorized user on my credit card? (CA)
How does the average young adult get into so much credit card debt?
Getting employed by my high school, which I am currently attending.Should I look out for anything shady?
Spouse is purchasing Iraqi Dinar, Vietnamese Dong, and Zimbabwean currency ... am I crazy to think my spouse is falling for a scam???
How do I feel better about investing in my education with my inheritance?
Potential tax crisis, and I have no idea where to start? (19, student, US)
College CC: Amazon Rewards, Citi ThankYou (since Forward is gone), or other?
I might have been scammed. What to do now?
I have $18K (11%) in credit card debt and $90K in student loan debt (7%). I now make $120K a year. Any advice on how to tackle this?
Random Stupid Question - If I get a credit card and choose, lets say a $300 limit, do I have to pay the $300 before I can start using it?
Does having good credit make rates lower on student loans?
Rates on Cash-secured loans?
I have $150 in Starbucks stock from when I worked there. How can I use that money and grow my investment?
How to hide account from Overview in Mint?
As a 19 year old male with a steady full time job paid off car and some savings what is the smartest thing I can do? Investments? Certain savings accounts?
how much room for error do i need in my monthly budget?
Wanting to close a Chase Business account, is there any downside?
Go for the cheaper house or more expensive house?
What's wrong with PMI?
Interest charge after two days of purchase? TD Easyweb help, Canada.
Feeling trapped, what to do?!
What's your biggest financial regret?
What do I do about my financial situation regarding saving money and getting a job?
Accept a gifted car?
Life insurance: what if I went without?
Two more years of college, going to end with 50-60K debt. Then what?
26 years old, still living at home in bay area, only making 50k, should I move out?
Recent Graduate from University. Canadian. 0 debt, 0 assets, where do I go?
How to start investing?
New teacher. Help picking a 403b provider?
Local Council have a court order for me to pay annual council tax of £900. I lived in the property for 2 months and I'm just beginning university. What should I do? (UK)
Refinancing student loans?
Should I pay off debt or work on emergency savings?
Should we continue renting, or look at buying?
What are the Canadian equivalents of American registered products?
Trouble opening a Checking account with Ally?
If my credit card debt has been charged off, will paying it improve my credit?
We recently got a settlement check from a car accident, what pitfalls should we avoid and how do you handle taxes on this?
Financial advise?
Old job never took me off payroll, where do i go from here? more details inside
16 year old, won €8.000 in a lottery. What do I do with the money?
Where am I financially? Just starting in the world
Financial advice please! Tradtional or roth 403(b)? I am 29 years old with recently acquired steady income and my employer offers both.
23, just started a decently-paying job (for me), and coming from a poor background...finance has me all confused. I've researched circles around savings, checking, etc. Is my understanding okay? What am I lacking? (US in KR)
Should I go back to school? MBA or bachelors?
which bank is the best bank?
What's your thought process when deciding whether to buy that expensive item you want or not?
Building good credit from no credit?
In the payment process, when do card companies actually check for sufficient funds?
I'm 20 have $3000 in the bank and $100 a week to save. What investments are ideal for this situation?
Pay down my Sallie Mae account or leave a small balance?
How much should your cellphone bill be?
19 and car problems. Fix or get used car?
Is it better for me to use an education award to pay off higher interest loans, or largest balance loans?
0% APR promotional period ending -- apply for another card?
What is your background and how were you raised financially?
How do you spend your entertainment budget?
19 y/o with $5,000 to use freely, any advice on what to use it on? (CA)
How much extra to pay to get rid of mortgage insurance?
Finished CC debt; pay off car or build some savings ?
Is it bad to have two credit cards?
Rent drops your credit score?
Do I have anything to worry about?
I am looking for a simple, open-source, small business finance program. Any suggustions?
I'm inheriting a decent sum of money as a debt-free 20-year-old college student. What to do?
How to talk to semi-financially illiterate fiancé?
100k in checkings account-how to invest properly?
Is it just me or do banks suck?
How do I approach selling a car with a lien title?
19 living in Florida. Not in school. What bank should I use?
Do you need a credit score to get an Amex Blue Cash Everyday Card with No Annual Fee?
Does paying off a $100 credit card statement raise my credit score the same if I were to pay off a $500 CC statement? For credit scores does it matter how much I owe in credit cards or do paying on time matter the most?
Take the loan?
Should I be investing? (CA) (16)
Getting married in April. What do you think?
What do I need to consider financially when deciding to move for work?
When calculating total MER for a portfolio, do I add the MERs together?
Disagree with choices a parent has made. How much is an inheritance worth to you?
In law school, 36k in savings account, where should it be instead?
How do I climb back on top? (CA)
Serious Request - What is one thing you would want out of your credit card?
Applying for another credit card?
Certificate in Project Management?
Parents are broke and are moving in with me, are there things I could be financially responsible for?
What is a reasonable fee / percentage for an independent financial planner?
I'm not touching my savings for 18 months. What should I do with it?
Are there any people who are rich because of casino gambling? I always hear about people who lost everything, but doesn't that mean someone else won it all?
Stay with att, or switch to what?
At what point/interest rate/amount can you consider a loan to be "free money"?
Opting out of health benefits at job, leverage for bonus/higher salary?
401k allocation - Stock only? Bonds? International Mkts?
What are some tips and things you would've done as a first year university student?
I rent an apartment. Why do I need to report how much my rent is on my taxes? Does it add or subtract from taxes owed?
How to pay a gas bill anonymously?
My Checkings account has gone in the negatives, and my Savings is at 0. What's going to happen to me, in terms of the bank and financially?
How to determine how much house we can afford?
(AU) To my friends down under, I'm an American looking to sell my shares of company stock, which are on the ASX. Can you provide any local insight on any reputable broker that won't gouge me in commission or check request fees?
Graduating from college in May. Will be making at least 110k to start, doing investment banking. Options for growth?
Maximize the TSP w/o matching or open an IRA?
HELP! I need your advise on what would make more sense and what degree to get Business Management or an Associate Computer Network Engineering degree?
How much money can I spend on a car and where should I invest my savings?
Do I sacrifice my future or should I stop paying off my debt?
IRA has to be opened by Dec. 31 to contribute in 2014 for 2013 tax year?
My school recently cut me a check for the un-used portion of my student loan. What would be the smart thing to do with it?
Home Equity Line of Credit - thoughts?
Have you heard of eCredable.com? I like the concept.
Why do I gotta pay 25% import taxes on things I buy over the Internet? Isn't it enough that the government takes roughly 40% of my salary (Denmark) already?
Should I liquidate my 401(k)?
Who are the best UK energy suppliers?
Mint.com: How do I prevent Mint from categorizing gas bought from grocery stores as a "grocery" expense?
Why isn't more done to teach kids financial literacy from an early age?
I want to save up to buy a used hybrid car. Anybody have any advice on saving money/research on a car?
Should we refinance our mortgage?
Signing up for multiple Zero-interest Cards. Is this a bad idea?
At what prices and deductibles are collision and/or comprehensive car insurance a good idea?
$2.5k sitting in a Rollover IRA, what can I do?
Student loans went to collections. I thought I had all of them out and being paid with SallieMae &amp; Nelnet, but received a collections notice?
Roth 401k or pre-tax 401k?
Is there a way to use the "envelope method" without cash?
How can I maximize my net worth with ONE stream of income?
Tax lien settlement? Options?
27 Years old. Live in Canada (CA). I work at one of the big 5 Banks and I have roughtly 30k within my shareownership plan. What to do?
Situation Assessment: What Tuning Do I Need for my PFs?
Should I ask my boss about something that was promised, even though I never asked for it or even expected it in the first place?
I have a home equity line of credit with 50k and 4.5%. What is my next move?
Have you used a robo-advisor? What was your experience?
Hello PF! I have no idea what I am doing but I am interested in trading stock via an online broker. Can you recommend a broker with no account minimum and some advice?
advice needed and appreciated; If I was self employed and stopped earning a wage and have maxed out my credit cards should I just stop paying or file for bankruptcy?
19, single male. Only son. Recently deceased father has quite a large debt amassed. What should I expect?
What would you do if you won 2.7 Million Dollars? (video inside &amp; not me)
I have a bit of a tax problem, any advice?
If you move to a different state, do you need to re-register your vehicle before selling it?
Are there good reasons to go paper over paperless statements?
Just got a secured credit card. What's the best way to use this line to improve my credit score?
Should I get a loan for my first car?
ETFs / Index Funds ex. specific industries?
What's the best credit card to use for small transactions?
What are the rules around using IRA for education expenses?
Finished paying off bed purchase, now what?
Would you pay your rent this way if you could?
Banking Question (CA - Canada)?
One late payment hurt my credit score - would a goodwill letter help?
House as gift vs purchase? Which is the better option?
How do I get my name off of my ex-wife's mortgage?
My sister-in-law opened up credit cards in my brother's name and defaulted on them a year ago. It's all coming to light. What can he do?
How should I pay for home repairs/upgrades?
How much is a picture worth to Apple?
How to handle student loans, new student bills, and overall splitting?
salary or hourly?
Do I Need a Business Checking Account Right Away?
I want to start preparing for my future, but my income has never exceeded the poverty threshold. What can I do?
Tax implications for exercising ISOs?
Volkswagen financing, pay off car loan early?
Help a loser turn his life around after ruining it with a spending problem?
Why would a bill get pulled back from collections with out me requesting it?
First credit card?
[UPDATE] Currently employed for the federal government. Considering a position within the private sector. What are your thoughts?
[EU] Savings account, bonds or something else?
Multiple accounts for budgeting?
Best online brokerage for a beginner?
For smaller purchases that offer interest free payments, is it better to pay in full anyway?
Top mutual funds or ETFs to invest in? (Roth IRA)
What kind of safety net should I have as a college student who doesn't have student loans to take care of?
Need to get approved for a zero interest card in order to transfer large amount from another zero interest card. Which cards are easiest to get?
First year of a rewards credit card... prorated limit?
What else can we do?
how should i invest?
Looking at buying a foreclosure property with a manufactured home on land, no VIN, any risk to this?
What do you do with financially irresponsible roommates?
Getting married. What's the best way to merge our taxable investments?
Am I doing the right thing? AU
Getting married and moving across the country in 2015. Are our finances in order?
What is the best free checking account for a young adult?
Annuity or lump sum?
What are some opportunities/programs for low income earners who are saving to go back to school?
I just got a 100k as a gift. How should I invest? Married, with baby and bad credit.
Pay off debt now or keep it as a motivating factor?
Pay CC debt quick by diminishing my emergency fund?
Looking for Life Insurance for older parent. where should I go from here?
When I turn 18 I'm getting 70,000 dollars from a lawsuit. Need advice?
Contribute to a Traditional IRA Post Taxes?
Question about repayment of Student loans in Texas (loop hole?)
Do you treat your debt like an emergency?
I'm 18 years old, I'm in college, what should I do with my savings?
What does Pf think? Open to suggestions, comments, any thoughts.
Can someone explain my options when it comes to an FHA 203(k) loan?
How much should I give my parents when I start working?
I just learned that savings accounts are an unsafe way to transfer money. Where do I go from here?
About to get Married, am I on the right track?
Bakersfield housing vs renting?
Owe tons of debt including income taxes. Where should I start?
I make 1400$ a month, my car note and insurance is 375. How much can I afford to spend on rent and utilities every month?
Should I get a credit card and not use it just to build credit?
How can I build up my credit score as a jobless college student?
Getting rid of some debt, what should I do with the extra monthly savings?
When is the time to renegotiate a job offer?
PF'ers! Thank you. Saved up $10 K for an emergency fund in two months. Any advise for my update?
I am buying my first home. Is my realtor trying to pull a fast one on me?
Citi DoubleCash card?
What do you think about Magic Formula Investing?
Transferring balance to a new Credit Card- A dumb move?
Is it wise to max out retirement accounts for next 3 years if I'm only making 40k?
I will be with a company until next February (2015). Is it worth it to have a 401K? Details inside
City government wants to buy my land, can I refuse? How do I negotiate?
Let's say you are in a year lease and the rent stays the same but the utilities are increased drastically. (For example, water/sewer provided by the leasing firm.) Is there any recourse?
Getting an Amex card purely for purchase protection?
Saving and Investment Options in Canada?
Is growing net worth the ultimate financial goal?
Can my parents hold my mortgage as a retirement asset?
What other ways can I make the most out of my money?
House purchase with a friend. Considering proposing a deal. Very specific scenario. Any advice on whether this will work and what's fair?
Informative Personal Finance Videos?
Should I represent myself while purchasing a home?
[US] How do I "make up" $10k in shortfall to my 401k by end of year?
New job wants my credit score?
Counter offer to a raise?
How do you spend while growing net worth?
Credit card has been paying on ghost account?
What's a reasonable ratio to put savings into a house? (CA)
Always Behind, Never Saving - What Can I Do?
Employer changing retirement management companies - what should I do?
Wife wants to consolidate student loans, company wants my signature and paystub. Is this normal?
Building credit (quickly) as an immigrant?
Index portfolio volatility?
Does your name have to be on your car insurance (CA)?
Applying for FNBO Online Saving Account. Will they do a credit check/will this affect my credit score?
Home Equity line of credit?
Best options for investing?
Will small-cap indexes actually give higher returns?
Leaving a job, what to do with 401k?
Should I Trade-in for a Cheaper Vehicle?
I'm an architect swamped by student loan debt, Reddit how can I get out of this hole?
Living Trust?
Joint credit card with SO, any benefit to waiting until marriage?
How big of a deal is filing state tax returns if I don't owe them money? (IL and CA)
Any reason for concern about refinancing mortgage with an online-only bank ?
Should I factor my HSA into my emergency savings balance?
How much should I be looking to pay?
If only capital gains are taxable, how does the IRS distinguish between gains and principal?
Are budgeting sites worth using?
How best to set up my/my wife's investment/retirement?
Rebalancing 401k employer match contribution that was given as company stock?
Why are some moving expense reimbursements taxable while normal employee expense reimbursements are not taxable?
Can PF help!? F/26/UK currently making £102~$167 per week, working 40 hours minimum. Am I being duped?
Can one ever be truly prepared to move across the country?
Help me move out of my parents house?
Do I have a case of phantom or zombie debt?
Have any of you done a No-Buy/Buy Nothing year? How did it turn out? How much were you able to save? Also, rate my budget?
Is there a way to order an employment history for myself?
Will applying for an auto loan hurt my credit?
Finding an auto loan lender if you don't have 'work history'?
Worth getting my bachelors if I'm already 66k in debt?
How should my retirement allocations compare to my investment allocations?
Help me with my mortgage math?
Pension Plan Lump Sum Offer - How to proceed?
Am I withholding too much? (NY)
Should I switch my 30yr mortgage to an ARM?
Have a pension, should I invest in a taxable brokerage account?
US; Lawsuit from collections agency; I have tried negotiating to settle the debt, mentioning wages/savings. Is it too late to file an answer?
Is it bad that my first credit cards limit is 5k at 10.2%?
Found out I was short ~$5,600 in order to pay for school this semester, what are my options?
Where do you put your money when you're saving for a large investment (e.g. real estate, franchise, etc)?
Debt Consolidation - Is it worth it?
Paying off 24k (CAD) student loan with money in savings account. Can I somehow use credit card to do that and not make it look like cash advance, in order to collect some reward points?
I'd like someone to seriously review my financial house, what information do you need from me?
What type of profession specializes in assisting to understand and manage the finances of an estate?
CD Ladder - Which bank or online bank should I use? Also regarding i-bonds and interest rates?
Is it possible for me to buy a condo? (CA)
For rebuilding credit with a poor payment history, are two cards better than one?
Should I skip on buying a house I like due to electric heat?
What kind of savings account should I set up for my children?
Invest in Index funds by themselves outside of a 401K?
Is it normal for every entrepreneur who starts a business with a loan from the bank to write their OWN Business plan?
Can I afford to move to a high cost of living city?
23 y/o college grad saved up 10k and want to invest, what should I do?
Is there something smart I can do with two banks?
What's the best bank to use to avoid fees and get better exchange rates when moving AU dollars to US dollars? (AU)
Boss with terrible credit and bad payment history got us company credit cards without our consent. Should I be worried?
Trading interest rates for credit increases?
Going to build a personal finance app: What would you want from it?
Hello PF, how am I doing? Where can I do better?
Will I ever be able to support myself? 23, associates degree, 30k in high cost of living area.
I love my job, but its part time pay isn't what I want. What do I do?
£90k redundancy. Put the taxable £60k in pension? [40yo, UK, 40% tax] (x-post /r/ukpersonalfinance)
Neighbor is paying me between $100-200/week to take care of their pets. How do I handle this for tax purposes?
Should i try to consolidate my debt on a fixed income?
'Partnering' with an LLC. How to get paid?
Help choosing between an IRA or a Mutual Fund?
What is the actual point of a pre-approval?
Can someone explain the IRA contribution limits during the 'phase out' for high incomes?
According to Credit Karma my AMEX credit card has recently been removed off of my credit report. Why?
Were a young couple fresh out of undergrad with a OK-ish jobs and no student debt, but about to dive into student debt for grad school. What advice could you give us?
Your Opinion Requested: Fee Based Credit Card / Longest Revolving Account - Should I Close It?
Employer ceased matching 401k contributions for 2014, should I still contribute?
Roth or Traditional 401(k)?
Looking to Get a Secured Credit Card to Build Credit. Minimum Line of Credit or Maximum Line of Credit?
Possible to transfer balance??
[X-Post from /r/debt] Where to Begin? $140k Student Loan Debt. Looking for loan consolidation, counseling / guidance... anything.
I'm going to sell a few sports tickets on the side, how should I approach this extra income?
Paid off car, now what?
How do I go about refinancing my motorcycle loan?
Calculator to show tax advantages on various asset placement?
We can all learn from each others mistakes. What was the worst financial mistake you have made?
Buying a new used car and looking for help on payment options - loan from bank/dealer or pay outright or?
What is the most correct answer to this?
How badly did I screw up? (Mutual Funds)
Should I stick with the 25-year income contingent plan?
Parents (Age 50) are being really secretive about retirement plans, I think they are buried in debt but won't talk about it. How can I help them or get them to open up?
Pulling one lump sum early instead of lifetime payments from pension?
Any hacks for paying rent with Credit Card?
Six month buffer account? With student loans, retire accounts, kids, cars and a house? How?
Your opinion on Zopa?
How to use a credit card to pay for student loans?
New Position comes with 401K trying to figure out how much of a Bonus (Comission) I should consider putting in Roth IRA. Suggestions?
Budget for marriage?
Fell for a phishing scam... what now?
Is there a way to get a hospital ER bill lowered?
Can I invest my quarterly estimated taxes before paying them?
can anyone recommend a good bi-weekly budget spreadsheet? (CAN)
Taking a loan from parents to cover our student loan debt and reduce total interest payments. Downsides?
Finding lost bank accounts? and charged off...
When to upgrade your used car?
How does the american bank know I have a mortgage abroad?
What happens to my HSA when I change employers and they don't offer a HDHP?
Auto Loan Refinance, How Should I Look at This?
UPDATE: I am buying my first home. Is my realtor trying to pull a fast one on me?
Got laid off last April. Have $750 in former company 401k. What do I do with this?
Save for down payment or 401k?
Student here. I'm moving out in about two years for graduate school. It will cost a lot. What do I do to prepare myself?
Dad just passed. Had a lot of credit card debt. Also had a loan with the bank where he currently has his checking/savings account. Will his cc debt be erased? And will he have to pay off his loan with what's left in his checking/savings?
Loan closed under Credit Report?
How do I choose a good accountant?
Where does /r/pf recommend buying gold online?
What happens when an old deed of trust is found on the title of a house for which the owners are seeking to open a home equity line of credit?
Is it smart to borrow against my 401K to purchase a home?
Stock Plan 5% vs 401(k) 4% or both?
(USA)Can I afford a car? What will my lifestyle be like?
Should I Combine two Chase Freedom Cards?
Borrowing from 401K to pay off credit card debt?
buy into fund now, bad idea?
Anyone with experience with transferwise? Is it really okay to just send them my money?
State School or Ivy League?
Is there anything I (a high school student) can do to save money, other than not spend the money I make at work?
Best credit building cards for college student with no credit history?
Anyone know of a fake investment account website that has fake options trading?
I run my own photography business, should I get a business credit card that has rewards?
Can someone please explain some finer details of a car loan for me? Please help.
I really don't want to file for bankruptcy but it feels like I have no choice. Are there any alternatives to bankruptcy?
I live on a fixed income, and I have about $400 of disposable income per month that I'd like to start saving or investing. What should I do with the money? I have no idea what to do.
What is Bank X?
IRA custodian for hands-off investing?
What options are available to an expat who doesn't work for a US company? (JPN)
Finally starting to make some money. What to do with it?
I have $4.5k in a savings account, I want to use this to start an investment portfolio. Where should I start?
Lost job and my house. What should i do first?
I would like to refinance my home mortgage. What is my best course of action?
If my employer pays me through PayPal as an independent contractor, is it his responsibility to provide me with a 1099?
Co-Sign Credit Card for Sister?
Private student loan settlement offered. Credit union loan to get rid of it?
Can I get some assistance with figuring out how much I can afford on a new car?
Is this a reasonable budget moving to a new city?
Possible Identify Theft: Question - Good idea to freeze credit?
YNAB: Effective program or glorified Excel sheet?
International student with decent credit looking to get a personal loan to buy a used car. What's the best way to go about doing this?
23 yo looking for a finance check up and what to do next??
Do You Know What A Short Sale Is?
Do I HAVE to rollover my old 401k?
Good idea, bad idea, or worse idea? Walking away from a car loan.
Better to pay extra towards my loans under my name, or to "my" loans under my dad's name?
Whole Life Insurance vs. 529 Plan Paying for College: Which is better?
How does my plan sound?
Which is the better stock market index fund for a "lazy portfolio", VTSAX or VFIAX?
We can build on each others advice. What is the best financial decision you have made? [spinoff]
Moving $3k cash between Roth IRA Brokers?
Am I in trouble? Peculiar banking situation.
Did I do this calculator exercise correctly?
Should I get food stamps to make/save more money?
I'm 18, and have had a credit card for about 5 months. I can easily pay it off each month, but ofcourse its a chunk out of my monthly pay. Should I close my card and save money or keep building credit? (ICELAND)
PF, help me understand tax residency?
How do I maximize the value of almost a year of unemployment?
What was the best financial decision you have made?
Right or wrong? Lenders disabling cars for late payments! NYT Article 9/24/2014
Will I lose money in a savings account?
Short term (2 year) Investment?
Am I saving enough?
Receiving substantial amount of money from grandfather who recently passed, how to diversify portfolio?
Borrowing money from girlfriends parents? How a shitty situation forces me to ask this question
Should I leave my job to join startup with baby on the way?
A few times a year I petsit for a woman at $35/night. Yesterday she asked me to fill out a 1099. Is this correct???
Anyone know the best way to track mortgage on Mint?
Betterment. Thoughts?
Any tips for helping your parents with their retirement / personal finances in old age?
Cash in Bonds to start Vanguard Index Fund?
Advice for investing inheritance?
Should I get paid if the company closes for the day for electrical difficulties? (UK)
Big bank institution or credit union for investments?
Temporary (18mo) increase in income. Saving feels great...am I doing it the right way? (CA)
Is there a too low monthly usage for credit cards?
IRA or 401k consolidation from previous account?(27yrs)[US]
Recommendations for PF podcasts/talkshows other than Dave Ramsey?
Any way to make Mint recognize savings from both after tax income, and payroll deductions for a 401k and Roth IRA?
What should i do to find $5K really quick?
Keep Mortgage?
Contest winnings?
How can I drop my 59% CC utilization rate?
Buy or lease? Start a 401K?
Do people actually have tax liens?
WellsFargo took my money and there is no transaction history - what do I do?
What to do with health FSA?
Is SigFig legit? Strange facts
Student Loans: Bi-Weekly Payments + Extended Standard Repayment faster than Standard?
How much money do you need to open up a Vangaurd account to start investing?
A plan to shuffle things around. Will it work?
Went to a Financial Planner yesterday, he seemed super sketchy: is this normal?
What's the rule of thumb with down payment on a car?
What are the best credit card and bank review sites?
I'm 25 and thinking of going to a nursing school that will put me in so much debt. Reddit, I need advice. Should I do it?
Roth or Traditional IRA? I have no clue what I'll be doing for the rest of my life, so I can't estimate what my tax rate in retirement might be. Am I even ready to start investing?
Should I move my Roth IRA?
Joining Wife's health plan that doesn't have an HSA. Should I max out current HSA before switching?
Why did the bank say my credit score was 539?
Next student loan payment due date isn't until Sept 2015. Safe to stop auto-pay while unemployed?
Recently Married, 2 New Jobs + A Relo - Best Next Steps?
Move my 401K to what (US)?
Which fields of work have the strongest correlation between effort (good/hard work) and compensation (good pay)?
Can I get a condo now?
Is there a company that offers discounted car insurance if you have a clean driving record? 28 M
Anyone have any experience using a EverBank money market account?
Should I start paying off Mortgage?
Anybody have experience with the Freedom Fasttrack?
Credit Report: if I use up most of my credit limit but pay all of it off each month, is this still bad for your credit score?
savings account or investment?
So does mint.com work with UK banks after all?
Is it better to make a credit card payment every 2 weeks or in full at the end of the month? Does it make a difference?
Seniors of personal finance, how has saving up for retirement affected your lives?
Should I buy this condo?
Inheriting farmland in the U.K., how to make profitable?
Should I use my grad student loan to pay off CC debt?
A medical bill I forgot about when to collections, how do I negotiate a lower bill?
Did having children drastically impact your financial success?
25 obtaining an engineering degree online from Devry, is it worth it? Anyone graduate from here? Any recruiters in the tech industry hire people from Devry?
Should my mother place 14k from previous employers 401k in IRA or attempt to rollover funds to current 401k?
Are Vanguard Mutual Funds usually this volatile?
Second bachelor's degree?
If I'm not going to buy a house for 3 to 4 years, where is relatively safe place with minimal risk I can put the money I've saved?
Dad's Credit Card Debt Passing to Kids???
Book suggestions for a college aged kid?
Best credit card account to open for a large purchase?
How much will my credit score will be affected?
Credit union offers both a share (.75%) and money market share account (1.0%). Is there any extra risk to using the Money Market Share account?
I'm a 31 year old bartender. What are good ideas to make the most of my nightly money?
Is there a legal way to avoid paying interest on late taxes?
Student loan debt forgiveness - harder than it seems?
Disputing accurate charges? Also small misinformations.
Does adding another credit card impact my average age of accounts?
Want to create a binder with all of my financial info. What should I include?
What do I look for in a smaller personal loan?
High Aspirations, and High Student Debt. Help with my long-term plan?
Does my 30 to 15 year mortgage refinance analysis check out?
I'm going to have 100k+ in student loans. Will specializing in international business satisfy me?
Had a minor freakout over student loans - what's the smartest thing for me to do?
What will banks/lenders flag you for?
How high of an Emergency Fund is too high?
23. New job. Very little expenses. $6k in savings. What should I be doing with my money?
Can you mail in a check for someone else's credit card bill?
Strategies for getting rid of Collection debt?
What lesser-known job pays high but with a catch?
Is this workplace discrimination in regards to a raise? How should I handle this?
Is it a bad idea to have money in a checking account versus a savings account?
So I've been working a fantastic job for six months, with great benefits. Please help me understand and take advantage of my 401K and health insurance?
Did my doctor just try to scam me?
30 y/o student. While no major financial mistakes, I haven't really done much either. Thoughts on best way to change that?
Should I start some sort of relationship with a lawyer?
QUESTION - Does every debt collection automatically go on your record?
I told a recruiter my salary. Did I screw up?
My employer offers a monthly reimbursement for health insurance. Is there any way to make it tax exempt the way contributions to health insurance are for employer health insurance plans?
How do I break out of stagnant income?
Is there anything worth getting a bachelor's degree in, for me?
Can I have money deposited into an American bank account instead of a foreign bank account if I'm an American working at an overseas branch of an American company?
What level of income counts as wealthy, middle class, or poor right now in America?
I haven't Paid my Credit card in 6 months whats the best thing to do here?
Promoted out of Roth IRA eligibility?
Living On My Own At $12/Hr?
How Do I Pay for My Healthcare?
How to plan for having 250K of tuition to pay for?
Is there anywhere I can go to see how much the average X year old has saved for retirement?
In-laws plan to gift a lot of stock to my new daughter, but I'm not too comfortable with these specific investments over the long-term. How should I navigate all the issues involved here?
How do I get money out of a lapsed account?
My parents have agreed to divorce- I am a 17YO university student. What do I do?
22 year old, how to save up to buy some kind of property?
Rent to own homes?
What's the best way to decide how much to spend and how much to save?
YOU CAN EARN MONEY simple way to MAKE $2500 to $5500 TONIGHT?
Best US bank for living overseas?
Should my emergency fund be based on current expenses or anticipated expenses if change is likely?
So my mortgage was sold to another company. Ok, I don't care who I pay. So why did my credit rating dive 16 points?
Is a debt snowball worth it if you have some 0% interest rates?
New job but change in expected degree. Do I tell my employer?
Career starter loan help?
Is now a good time for me to buy land?
Can parents using your name for credit ever be a good thing...?
Irresponsible Car Loan?
Should I wait to invest?
[UK] Contribute more towards first mortgage or buy 2nd property?
What should my investment priority be?
Its January 1st, 2015. You win the Lottery. What is the minimum jackpot that would change your life? And how would it change?
i'm getting my own bank account, which bank is best for students?
Pay off cards at once or draw it out?
Should you ever use traditional IRA over the deduction limit?
How to get started with I-Bonds?
Sold a work of art for $20k. How can I keep as much of that money as possible come tax season?
26 yrs old, have been sitting on the sideline with my 401K for 4 years, time to jump in the market or wait?
New jobs: Tips on buying our first home? How Do we save for retirement? Where do I put my kids college money!?
I have three student loans that are in deferment. How can I distribute $1,000 a month to make the best payment possible?
Saving for retirement running out of spending money?
Should I keep contributing to my 401k if I plan to leave before it gets vested?
High insurance rates?
I gave out some personal information. What should I do?
Should I build or buy a home?
Just got married. What do I do now in terms of taxes/savings/money?
Have the cash to make a larger substantial purchase. Would it be beneficial to my credit if I financed and then paid it off in larger chunks to avoid interest?
I'm afraid of financial failure, thanks to my parents. Advice?
Is it possible to go to school while living on your own on minimum wage? (Canada, Toronto)
Does my wife need to pay self employment taxes?
24 Years Old/Moderate Savings/No Debt/Graduate School-What to Do?
Early retirement and IRAs: contribute or not?
How to overcome saving TOO much?
First career opportunity. Is this salary negotiation strategy feasible?
Sign Up for Amazon Credit Card = $70 Gift Card? Is it a smart buy?
SEP-IRA vs. Roth IRA?
Pay off student loans or invest?
25 F Foreigner living in US. I am tired of managing my finances, and I am in constant stress. Tips?
Is there a benefit to having multiple credit card types available (Visa, MasterCard etc)?
Redditors who made a complete career switch later in their life, how did you do it?
Pull money from taxable mutual fund to pay off second mortgage ? Tax implications question.
Is it worth it to consolidate school loans?
Newly married - we each pay half or everything using 2 cards or 2 checks - flawed system?
(CH) roughly $10'000, what are my options?
If a mortgage payment is lower than our rent does that make buying a home a good financial decision?
Pay off $4,000 CC debt with $4,000 in Employee Stock?
Receiving freelance income, how do I report this come tax time?
Should I sell my PIMCO bonds?
How to declare extra income from hand-made jewelry sales?
What is the best way to locate a mortgage lender?
Do I need a credit card?
If you can't max out your Roth IRA, is it better to have a regular IRA?
How many credit cards do you have?
High-yield interest accounts: good idea? Best one?
First international business trip: how do I get the most miles for my own use?
How to "feed" data from Mint / Yodlee, etc. to either Excel or Google Sheets?
Are dependent care FSAs and the dependent care tax credit mutually exclusive? Also, nanny tax questions.
RedCard account past due: payment failed without notice. What can I do?
conservative 401k investment because of employer match?
Mortgage Refi versus HELOC to pay CC debt?
How does student loan deferment affect your credit score?
Any advantage to having bank loyalty?
Switching jobs, what do I do with my employer sponsered retirement plan?
What's your credit score and what's your debt to credit ratio?
Can you apply Sallie Mae Master Card to federal student loans serviced by nelnet?
If I sell my pizza shop, is the sales price a matter of public record?
Right time to start an IRA?
EMV chips in US?
Excel sheets for record keeping?
How am I doing as far as saving goes?
Cash back or rewards credit cards - recommendations?
Mortgage loan (EU): Should I settle until retirement and pay a lot more interest?
How to make a financial bet against student loan debt?
New job offer exceeded my expected salary, should i still negotiate for more?
The numbers seem to make sense, but it seems like a lot. Will I be stretching myself too thin with this rent payment?
Do unpaid debts ever just go away? Are the rumors true?
Should I take this credit line to consolidate my credit cards?
6k Windfall- Should I put it towards my student loans?
How much would living "expenses" be for one guy in a 1 bedroom?
Credit Sesame Credit Monitoring, Any Downsides?
I run my own business and have been doing it moderately well (~break even) for the last 2 years - I'm at a point where I need financial help before things get too unwieldly, where do I go?
Best way to xfer my 401k (with company match) to a different low-fee company?
Just got home appraised by lender - Appraiser ignored ALL of the most recent home sales with the exact same floor plan &amp; 'compared' w/much older homes instead. Fair?
Pay off large (low interest rate) loan faster or credit card debt, or other to maximize savings over 3.5 year time frame?
I'd like professional help with our taxes this year. What should I look for and what questions should I ask?
We let student loan go, what do we do?
Buying a used car?
[UK] How can I help out my not-so-wealthy lodger?
I'm underpaid and my salary is public information (government worker.) How do I manage discussing previous compensation when finding a new job?
What are the best ways for nomadic expats to manage their finances? [Details in text]
What are my chances of getting approved for a credit with my bank?
Making 25k/yr, should buying a home be on our list of priorities?
Credit Card/Savings Question? (19) (AU)
How should I budget in a trip?
Married, filing jointly, does that affect Roth IRA?
Should I move out? (AU)
Help paying off student loans?
Advice for a highschool student?
Should I submit medical bills for HSA reimbursement?
What is the initial cost to drive a new car off of the lot?
Will I ever get a mortgage ?
Getting paid through my father's estate - what are the tax implications?
Some questions about American Express Bluebird?
TSP Retirement - Reduction Amount?
Just had a kid. Can my girlfriend and I file taxes as joint income? We’d like to file as being married and joint income, because I am the only source of income.
who/what is exactly "the employer" that the credit history companies use?
Roommates aren't paying their bills, we want out, how?
My landlord has taken a week to fix my leaking hot water heater, can I demand money be taken off my rent for this?
How can I firmly and politely ask my mother to put my financial aid money back into my bank account?
Is a credit card worth having? (AR)
How do I fix this (relatively) quickly? Link inside.
Which of these 401k plans should I choose?
Steep jump in income -- am I planning to do it right?
How do I find a personal loan?
Rollover small, trad. IRA into 403b?
Do I have to pay capital gains tax on an auto insurance buy-out?
When will I qualify for a decent rewards card?
Is it a bad idea to have all my savings in the market?
Can I afford a house?
USA. My father let a "Microsoft" scammer on the family computer and we have tax records saved on it. Any help to prevent and theft before it's to late?
Have a Premium Indexed Adjustable Life Insurance policy through PennMutual a friend is the broker that set it up .. am I getting screwed ?
Finally got my girlfriend approved for a secured card! Can you build credit when collections are owed?
Can someone ELI5 charitable donations with regard to my tax return?
Sell the car right? But which one?
Is it unwise to buy a house if you're young and single (but financially ready)?
Who did you open your Roth IRA with and why?
I own a condo in a building possibly being condemned. What does this mean for me financially? Will I have to sue the HOA? Any advice or knowledge?
How can I convince my spouse to take a more active interest in our finances and stick to a budget without being too pushy?
[usaa] if my debit card was disabled (in the process of getting it reenabled) can I still use checks?
Using the IRS withholding calculator, does OASDI/EE and MED/EE on my paycheck count towards "federal income tax withheld" ?
What can I itemize for my taxes as an independent contractor with a delivery service?
Can an employer refuse to pay me for work I've done?
How best to handle my vacant rental property (HELOC? Details and budget inside)
I like my job, but my boss isn't paying me. Advice?
Should I get a credit started?
Should I pay off some debt or keep a larger savings reserve?
Can I get an FHA loan after foreclosure?
I can afford to live on half my income, how to use the rest most wisely?
My return is low compared to S&amp;P YTD. Is my 401(k) asset allocation ok?
Quitting vs. Getting Fired? (Unemployment Benefits)
Can a single guy in the US live off $1000 a month?
How can someone steal your credit card and then use it in a brick and mortar location in a different state all while your card is still in your wallet?
I left home for university, but my family is having problems at home and might have to divide up the house, what can I do to help? (UK)
How should I divide up my 1000$ weekly income?
Advice on my credit card situation?
Is there a "correct" way to minimize tax liability on a short term (~3 months) loan from a friend?
How much should I spend on a newer car?
Put savings toward spouse's medical school tuition or put it into retirement accounts?
Dad co-signed his brother's student loans? Will that affect my family?
Is consolidating my 2 private student loans worth it for me?
Will paying off an account sent to collections in someone else's name affect my credit?
Took year off work to switch fields, accrued debt but make more than double now. Best way to manage finances?
Just getting fiances in control, what should go where first?
F(21) Invest my savings in the stock market or elsewhere?
Myfitnesspal for finances?
Financing a car? APR?
What to do with a 1099 Form?
What is the best way to trasfer foreign currency to US bank acount?
I have $50k saved, plus $15k per year to add to savings. How do I make that grow over 2-3 years? (more info in comments)
I just came into $10000 right before I graduate? Advice?
$10k windfall, how do I distribute over debt, wedding, emergency?
Pay off car loan, or use money as bigger down payment on house?
21 yr old - Retirement/savings? Buy a house? Weird circumstances
Got a new job. Should I sell my car?
Is it safe to give out this information? (UK)
Accept Pension Buy-Out Offer?
Im 18. Senior year in high school. Got a job working part time and i make a bout 600-800 a month. What do i do now?
Hiw would i assess the typical rate of return i should expect on investments in my 401k. Or how do i assess my performance?
As a 28 year old, how am I doing? Where can I do better?
Best place to open Roth IRA?
What's best way to compare cost of living between two cities?
Anyone set up a Bank of China RMB deposit account in the US?
Encountered a new type of security today: The Fixed-income UIT. Can someone 'splain it to me?
I've heard that it's easy to get a job in the Minnesota/Wyoming oil fields that pays $100,000/year for lots of back breaking labor. Does anyone know how to apply for these jobs? I'm in good shape and have lots of manual labor experience.
Planning to buy a house with my girlfriend. How do we structure the title and associated legal documents to best ensure both our interests are protected?
Moved back in with parents to save money. What should I be doing with my income?
Under 26, should I opt out of my company's health insurance?
I'm 23(M). When I turn 25, I will inherit $500,000. What do I do between now and then?
Budgeting Acyclic Income &amp; Managing Cashflow in YNAB?
Finally saved 10,000 $ what should I do with it? Complicated life circumstances.
Paid off student loan early, balance says 0.00, but the loan is still open. Is this normal/actually a good thing?
Credit utilization. Total credit limit a factor?
Should I ask for credit card increases on my credit cards?
I've got an emergency fund....now what?
I'm a second year Chemistry student and my dream is to buy a small house for my mother in the near future. What should I do? (AU)
What to do with my savings? Want to buy a house?
Somebody is racking up hundreds of dollars on my credit card fraudulently, but the card is in my wallet... How is that possible?
26 years old and finally making good money - how to set myself up for financial success?
Will my sense of spending and ability to stick to a budget improve overtime?
Are credit cards better substitute than payday loans?
Is investing in gold bullion as good as i hear it is?
(CA) How should I safely manage payments online?
Saving for down-payment on a home. What should I do with this money until then(4-7 years)?
How long until account age is acceptable? And other noob questions.
Should I pay off my car loan in 2 or 4 years?
[UK] 21 &amp; University Student - Bank changed T&amp;C of my cash ISA (reduced rates, wanting to reinvest?)
Anyone noticing an uptick in credit card fraud?
At what salary point is it a good idea to meet with a finacial planner?
I'm 26, have a B.A., a 3rd-shift $14/hr video editing job with name recognition &amp; benefits, and still live at home (which I will own 33% of). I'm ignorant when it comes to PF. Whats the smartest thing I should be doing right now?
Does a debt from a doctor's office fall under oral or written contracts?
Is my employer paying me the correct way?
Wife moved from Canada to US. Should she move all of her money now?
Change career paths or stick with degree?
Best personal finance software (UK)?
Swapping USD and EUR with a friend: what do I need to know?
how can i tell if i am being paid according to my yearly salary if it I am paid hourly on my paycheck?
Should I own up to the sunk costs and sell my one-year-old car?
Personal loan for debt consolidation?
Employer going public, should I exercise my options or renew them? (x/post from r/investing)
how to choose between high expense funds?
Are unrealized capital gains taxable?
How to choose between high expense funds?
What do you do with unspent money in your budget?
Pay off all my student loans immediately and give up my Roth IRA?
Invest in housing or keep saving?
My dad won a large amount of money. How do we get the taxes on it reduced as much as we can?
I want to get a mortage. What are the chances of getting a consolidation mortgage loan when I have $66,000 in debt?
What to do with three 401K accounts from three different jobs?
Just got married, merging accounts and 401ks?
What should I be doing to better myself financially in the future?
Debts paid, where to start now?
Can I pay my actual credit card balance even though not all of the transactions have gone through?
Best way to deal with two loans not in my name?
How can I stop being depressed about finances?
Backdoor Roth IRA - When to convert?
Insufficient credit history for secured credit card at my bank?
One time Financial Planning?
Commuting to work, what is least dreadful and most financially sound? Biking Vs Driving
One of the addresses listed on my credit report is not mine, other than disputing it what should I do?
How to get pre approved for a car loan without affecting credit?
Do I really need bonds?
Question on 401k... what is the "retirement-age tax bracket" based on? when i retire, won't I be making $0?
Continue adding to tIRA, or start over with Roth?
Credit Score - What's better for it? Higher line of credit or less with same debt?
Should I finance a car even if I don't need to?
What to do with financial aid refund?
Financial planners - do you like your job? How stressful is it?
Anyone here ever relocate coast to coast (US). Do you have any advice for keeping it low cost?
School refunded me the money that I put in for tuition ($1200), what's the best interest rate I can find to offset the accruing interest on my stafford?
student loans: to pay off or not?
I have a SO with double debt, what am I responsible for? Also need advice on said debt!
New company, new 401k, rollover or not? (US)
Joining a start up company and I'm getting a piece of the business as future payment, so what do I need to know?
I am 17 years old with $500 in my savings account. I'll be living on my own soon and paying 100% of my bills and expenses. What advice can you give me?
No taxes filed in 12 years. Where to begin?
Do negative marks from 5+ years on my credit history affect my credit score or my ability to obtain a mortgage?
To buy a used car or buy brand new? (23 M- Canada)
How bad is maxing a credit card from a credit report standpoint?
Has anyone seen Robinhood ? And is it worth signing up for ?
Bank account you can split into streams?
What online tool are there for beginning to learn the stock market and investment strategy?
401k Investment Changes and Moving Roth to Vanguard?
First Car - Buying used or new? (23M - Canada)
Can I still open a retirement fund if I have no taxable/"earned" income? Being newly financially independent, should I?
My savings were wiped out by someone using a fraudulent copy of my card info, what can I do?
Pension Payout?: $$$ Now. $/Monthly for life. $$/Monthly for life after death. (US)
Should I be saving more given my income?
I disputed something on my credit report and got it deleted. Do I need to do this 3 times, one for each agency?
If my husband came with me to AL so I can get a degree but we both plan on moving back to TN after, can we apply for healthcare through TN or does he have to become an AL resident and apply for healthcare here?
New to family and coping with loss of husband's father, too soon/insensitive/none of my damn business to bring up finances with MIL?
What is the best way to get Started on Credit?
Refinancing out of a Santander Consumer loan?
40k just landed in my lap - help? (CA)
How do I establish credit for the first time?
To file taxes joint or individual for student loans?
About to graduate college, any financial tips for a young adult entering the work force?
Credit card company reinstating fraudulent charges on my account, what do I do?
Activated a new credit card, signed up for something called My ID Pro 365 for a free 30 day trial. Legit or quit it?
Why aren't non-profit banks (aka credit unions) more popular? It seems an organization owned by its clients would by definition be better than one that wants to make its investors more money at our expense.
Small Business ran through Paypal?
Planned on going to school but just found out wife is pregnant. Any advice on how to make this work?
Am I living realistically/within my means?
ESPP with ~1.25 month holding, no lookback, 15% discount. Worth contributing?
[US, NC] Gay spouse (federal, not state-recognized) resigned from job and has $12,000 in 401(k) savings. Can we roll this over to my 401(k)? [Details inside]
[UPDATE] Should I move out? (AU)
Bank processed future-dated check early creating insufficient funds charge, who is at fault?
Not getting hours, but not fired. Is that legal?
Newlywed needs advice. Can we afford to not save much this year?
Dug myself into a hole that I'm afraid is going to be the end to my credit, and the start of a mountain of debt. Any advice?
Credit card recommendations for non-permanent residents?
Ex-Employer says that overpaid me and wants their $$ back.. What should I do?
$300 extra per month to paycheck (for one year) or $3600 lump sum?
My advisor says that SMAs are better than mutual funds and ETFs. Is he right?
Do you have to buy vanguard funds directly with vanguard? (EU)
New employer asking for father's SSN?
About to buy a new car for cash and dealer says I can save $500 by financing. Any gotchas?
Keep money invested in stocks or get rid of PMI faster?
I'm planning on rolling my 401k from an ex-employer into an IRA. Now what do I invest in? Looking for specifics.
Saving for long European vacation in 10+ years, how would you invest?
What to do with inheritance?
Do I stay in the military?
Choose higher salary hourly w2 or lower salary with benefits?
Should I cash out my RRSP to invest in property?
Any California public employees here? (CalPERS vs 403b)
Extended Warranty On New Car?
29 years old: Keep rental properties or sell?
Has anyone used HelloWallet?
Looking for Advice - Having our first husband/wife finance discussion - What topics should we cover?
Should I stick with the income contingent plan?
Need a new bank account but was rejected for a defaulted loan, what can I do?
Is it a good idea to pay mortgage on a credit card to earn rewards?
Any benefits of having a mortgage vs. buying a house cash?
Estate questions?
Are we financially in trouble?
Accidentally paid for a Transunion Subscription. Help?
pension for only a few months?
I want to make a change. [budget post?]
Which credit card company is the best for me?
What priorities should I give to different retirement accounts in regards to contributions?
Fraudulent credit card charges, should I be worried?
What credit card provider/contract has been good to you?
$60,000 in student loans, 7.5 % interest rate. I earn interest daily. How do I get it down lower? A personal loan seems dangerous.
Small inheritance, am I doing the responsible thing with it?
My student loan consigner died, what to do?
27, privately employed, no student loans, 10k saved, what now?
What are the best resources for credit repair?
I sent a pay for delete letter to CA, they called me on my phone today. How should I proceed?
How should I pay off my debt?
Withdrawing from IRA, how screwed am I?
Approved for a student loan with a 4.66% interest. rate. Is this reasonable for an unsubsidized loan?
To take new job or stay?
[Houston, TX/26/M/$26k per yr/NO credit history/CoSigner available] How can I get a not-that bad Car Loan? Or better advices to get a car.
Please critique my budget - what should I cut? (26/F/US)
Can I deposit close to $2000 in combination of cash/check without being put on some kind of list?
I'm a college kid looking to move out and get an apartment with a friend, how much of my budget should go towards rent?
What are some simple and effective ways to build credit at a young age?
What to do with 401k with summer employer?
Best way to disputes things on your credit?
Roll over 401k into IRA or pay off troubling debt?
Separate Checking Account?
How to best pay off credit cards?
$10,000 raise, should I invest or save?
Most cost effective place to live while getting an education?
My dad is helping my wife and I buy a house, with a rather large down payment, how do we do the tax deductions?
NEW Harley?
Mom added me to credit card w/o permission - how to fix credit score?
Has anyone heard of "credit card dismissal"?
Would you refinance in my situation?
Contributed ~$11k into a Roth ira over 9 months and just read something about only $5500 can be. Am I screwed?
Just offered a high-paying job out of college, but need to decide in 3 weeks. What should I do?
How is Vanguards Target Retirement 2050 Fund?
Charging apartment rent to a credit card. Drawbacks?
Put money towards either 403(b)or Roth IRA?
Best way to get out of credit card debt?
Is there anything wrong with putting all of my bills on my CC for one easy monthly payment?
Can I use Square to pull money from my Discover card to my checking account?
How much do you put towards debt each month?
Am I working too much overtime? Federal tax reasons
Hail damage to my 9 year old car - How do I decide if it's worth making a claim or not?
I want to invest...but I don't know how much I should have to begin with?
Brother's Financial Advisor strongly recommended Whole Life Insurance. Is this his best option? Please help!
Investing in off-shore accounts while living abroad?
Should my mom get a loan from her 401k to go ahead and pay off our car and to pay off her medical bills?
Credit card for joint expenses with my wife...but which card?
I got a big check from my college that is the same amount they charged me for earlier, Is it OK to spend?
Payoff first: high interest small loan vs low interest large loan?
Roth IRA in a Cash Sweep Program?
Why would a 12 month lease be more monthly than a 10 or 11 month?
How long would it take to pay off $92,000 in student loans?
Would not being offered insurance through work and making too much for the Health Exchange qualify as a Qualifying Event?
Who do I talk to about options for consolidating my student loans?
Refinance my car?
Hey PF, what do you know about ACN?
Pay off or keep mortgage?
3 Credit Cards, 2 Loans. Dont pay 4 of them to pay 1 all at once?
Sell house or rent it out?
How can I get more out of my monthly income?
Small question from a nooby here. How much of my yearly income would be actually taxed from the government? How much do i actually get total?
What are the pros and cons of taking a loan from my 401k to pay off my car loan?
Can old late payment issues be removed from my credit?
Looking for good ETF's in future tech(longevity, AI, Robotics)?
Do people save for kids before having them? Or just have them when their income is high enough?
Possible big life changes coming because of potential new job. How to plan to use this new income to purchase a vehicle then a house?
70% Credit Utilization, should i apply for Chase Slate?
Can I create a corporation to help me invest from overseas?
I'm a recent graduate who has just started teaching and saving in China. How and when should I convert currency?
Should I opt out of my USAA credit card arbitration addendum?
What's the best way to create your own Social Security system without taking the help of insurance?
Did Paypal just steal from me?
Switching insurance?
I just found out how much debt I have.. Where to begin? (20f)
I need to purchase health insurance, but all the websites I go to say the period for purchasing doesn't open again until November. Am I just not able have health insurance until then (US)?
How do I account for purchases made from savings in budget? (Details below)
Should I put extra money towards retirement or student loans?
When does a new month show up on mint.com?
What are the upsides and downsides of taking out a 30 year mortgage and paying it off in 15 years?
Pre-tax money for student loan payments?
Is there any way to get my name taken off a lease?
Are masters degrees worth it?
How does trading in a car work?
Is it necessary to have a cash emergency fund when I have access to a credit card and line of credit? (CA)
About to graduate law school. Buy a car now or after graduation (when loans start becoming due)?
My employer reimburses for cell phone, is it worth it?
If you had 50K cash, where would you invest you're money?
If an amazing opportunity arises, would you give up your dream to take it?
$150k student loan debt, $2200 CC debt. Have some money to pay CC off. Do it?
Consequences of paying or not paying a small medical bill that has been in collections for 5.5 years?
Home downpayment: 401k loan or save?
Buying a car &amp; home - which is the 'right' order when financing both?
SEP IRA, anyone with experience or advice?
Selling vehicle to pay off LOC? (CA)
Tips for the best way to find the cheapest mortgage quote?
Should I bother with credit cards at this point?
Friend stole access card to apartment ($25 to replace) and I already lost my other card, can I file a police report?
Using 15 month 0% APR credit card balance transfer on student loans?
Is it possible to pay reduced mortgage payments or put payments on hold in extraordinary situations?
What to do with money given by parents?
My boss is withholding pay???
(CA) 22 male. Buying a new car today. Advice ?
Couples that keep your finances separate, would you be willing to share your spreadsheets? Or how you track your finances?
Best joint checking account for married couples nowadays?
Anyone over 25 use venmo? Is this a genuinely growing money payment system?
What are typical 401k fees? (Fees for account management; not expense ratios or loads)
As a 19 year old, what do I need to know and start doing NOW to assure I live a financially stable life?
I get 10% disability from VA every month, should I invest or start a retirement type account?
Back to School?
Credit card: Less rewards-own bank vs More rewards-different bank?
Is a hedged international bond index fund better than non-hedged?
Should choosing to go back to school be solely decided by my financial situation/loans? I feel stuck.
Why might one expect marginal tax rates to be higher at retirement?
After a long battle we got hold of my wife's inheritance, which option is our wisest use for it?
Should my fiance and I get legally married or put it off till we buy a house? We want a grant for the house.
How do I go about fixing this on my credit report?
Liquidating a larger FSA, any options?
Time to refinance?
Consolidation Loan: Pros and Cons?
(CA) Thoughts on buying a house with a rental suite?
How should I, a college student, go about starting to invest?
How would you invest and save $225,000, when you don't know anything about money?
Should I Move Out?
Girlfriend just got her ed award from Americorps. Best way to pay back student loans?
Where to find car loan?
Question about debt collectors. Did I mess up?
Unhappy with the car I purchased new in 2012. What are my options?
What loan should I pay off first?
How am I supposed to choose health insurance when I can't get any information about medical prices?
Made my very first mortgage payment today, can someone please explain how the check was distributed?
How can i show proof of income?
(throwaway acct) My automatically collected child support payments are being reported as negative accounts on my credit reports though they are current and always have been. How do I fix this?
Should I pay off a personal loan with my credit line?
How to transfer savings bonds after the death of the owner?
Can somebody explain compound interest?
Full-time college student, any advice?
Should I sell my car?
Can you help me find a Lending Club competitor?
What are some good online tools for helping perform a replacement analysis on a vehicle?
Financial Aid reversed, I now owe my school money, help?
Would you use an auto broker to buy a car?
Do I have to pay taxes this year (2014)?
Fiancé went to the emergency room because she felt some abdominal pain got sent home with pain killers and bill was 6000 dollars and health insurance will only cover 60% of the bill, are we stuck with a $2000 for a two hour trip to the hospital? Any ways we could negotiate?
Can I spend my HSA funds for my wife's medical bills even though she does not have an HSA health plan?
(CA) Stay with Gov't Defined Benefits Plan and 90k Salary or Move to Private?
Spouse needs to reduce work hours. We can't figure out how to make it work. Any suggestions?
Buying a home in 2-3 years, risk tolerant, where do I put my money?
[CA] How to reduce tax deduction per paycheque and avoid a refund?
How come a family with children may be able to recoup their entire tax withholdings while a single person may only receive a portion of their withholding in a tax refund? Are single citizens and married couples without children in my tax bracket the only people actually paying taxes?
Which path to take? Full-time job &amp; graduate school
Can I claim disability at work?
Took out a loan to pay off my cards, will they give me a better pay off price?
Renewal of Mortgage coming up - roll unsecured line of credit into it?
403(b) or Personal IRA?
Where should I put $50k in savings? Read the FAQ, still not sure what to do.
Mistake in my rootcanal, requires correction. Who pays?
Podcasts or Videos at work to help learn?
Anything I can do about getting billed for an emergency room visit to an in-network hospital with an out of-network doctor?
28 years old. Most aggressive 401k plan?
Roth IRA contibution deadline for previous year is April 15th.... does it start for the next year on April 16, or would it have started back on Jan 1?
I have no idea how to even start budgeting. What are some tips/habits that I can start to help me pay off all my debt and get in control of my finances?
Inheriting 185k somewhere down the line but can make decisions now. What do I do?
(US) Taking out a loan to help out a sibling?
Safe Harbor 401k - No Qualified Nonelective Contributions for 2+ years?
Saving for parents retirement?
Conservative investment options for holding shorter-term savings?
If I am absolutely sure I am going to buy my car when the lease is over, is there any advantage to doing it early?
Best allocation for a Roth IRA at age 23?
Chase Sapphire Preferred: Best partner travel programs in terms of point:dollar ratio?
Budget thoughts?
What are my options? Is bankruptcy the ideal choice?
I am 20, working part-time and going to school for nursing. What can I do now that will help me down the road?
Is it okay to live pay check to pay check if 5% of your earnings is going to your 401k and you're putting money into a mutual fund?
[US/CA] Dual citizen living in the US working for a Canadian company, how bad is my tax situation?
what could i do better?
Just got a new job! I was getting W-2 forms working retail but now I'll be under a 1099 for (most likely) the rest of the year. How will I file taxes when I receive both forms?
Should I keep investing in my state's 529 plan, or are there better options?
How to best leverage 4yr 0% APR auto loan?
Best APY account?
Is it time to refinance my rental house ?
What are my best options for my semi-short term goals?
I'm long on some stock should I cash out and repurchase in a Roth IRA?
Ambulance billing question: insurance won't cover certain charges from the itemized bill, can the ambulance provider collect from me?
Should I pay back my student loans before going back to school for a new program? (CA)
Do they have to go to court again?
My 401k doesn't seem good, which funds to pick?
Last year I got a $350K 10 year adjustable mortgage with a 4.25% interest rate. Emergency fund is funded, what now?
Contribute to 401K with No Employer Match?
I'm 18 and making 36k a year. I have no expenses. What do I do?
Hearing aids not covered by insurance. I missed the cutoff by 6 months. Is there anything I can do?
Brother wants me to inherit his money and give it to his kids. Is a trust fund a better option?
Vanguard IRA contribution report: how do you compare?
(CA) Graduating next year with 50k in student loans, how long would it take me to pay it?
Aging Mom's aging car may be dead and may be time to replace.. Can a used car with an extended warranty compare to a cheap new car with manufacturer warranty as far as peace of mind goes?
PPO 750 GenRx or Anthem Lumenos HSA 2500 plan?
Is it bad to close down an bank account or have too many?
To those of you who have an accountant, what do you ask them to do?
Buying a house, should I put a higher down payment or do a 95% LTV and invest the rest?
How should I invest my Roth 401k? Options provided
California University or City College?
My new electric company wants a security deposit of $960. My monthly usage is $50-$75. I've had electric service elsewhere for 5 years now with a $100 deposit. Am I right thinking this is absurd? [Bill Pictures Included]
Debt Consolidation for large sum of medical debt?
What to do with OSAP money?
I'm 21 years old and married, is it too early to think about buying a house?
Here are my employer's 401(k) fund options; What should I choose?
I'm a student with rising debt. A series of poor decisions has landed me in a very stressful financial situation. How do I proceed?
Used car loans fron a bank or credit unions to buy from a private seller?
College 529 Plan for Self-Good Idea?
401k contributions, which funds to pick?
Can I afford to move on my own?
Should I take this balance transfer offer?
Which is better? for a widow with children to remain single or to remarry? [from a personal finance point of view]
How do I set up a college fund for niece?
How much does childcare cost? What is a fair market rate for childcare?
I posted this in taxes but haven't gotten a response. Took out 5K in stocks roth ira. How much should I save for taxes since I'm only 28? Live in Iowa
Are there any really good budget apps you guys use?
Merging finances with boyfriend... Not sure what his money is doing?
Investment/savings account for new baby?
My dad called me up saying his brother's company was going to buy a smaller company so he said buying shares right now would be a good opportunity... but don't really know how to go about it, or if it's a good idea?
Loan from MIL, what are the tax implications(if any)?
What can I do, and what can they do to me?
Negotiating Raise considered being ungrateful?
Graduating with dream job and no debt. Advice?
How does cash back work for the Citi Double Cash Back and the Sallie Mae Barclaycard?
Is it better for my credit to pay the normal payents or pay extra and have less payments?
Should I go back to school?
Is there a company with generally better auto insurance rates than GEICO ?
Really high credit limit on a new CC?
Advice on late school bills?
Ten years of unclaimed tips - What are my IRA options?
My company makes me use my ssn for everything, can I ask them to exclude me from the sloppy way they do things?
Amazon is offering $40 gift card if you apply for their store card (no annual fee). Besides the hard credit inquiry, why is a bad idea to apply?
Should I pay off my loan first? Or my CC.
I want to lease a minivan; how can I get a good deal?
Finally got a better paying job... Now what?
which bank should i get?
You should never cancel your first credit card, right?
What is common practice to have to sign to see the loan details?
Young couple (DINK) age 25/26 but mountain of debt. Save for house or pay student loans? what about marriage?
Relocating from NY to Los Angeles and being offered a 55k salary. Is this a bad move? (x-post from r/asklosangeles)
Budgeting in practice?
I just opened a Roth IRA and currently have a 401 with my employer. Does the 401k have any impact on my Roth contribution limits?
Paying down debt, should I make multiple payments a month like I do with my mortgage?
I want you to ask yourself: How does running from a polar bear compare to your retirement strategies?
Should we sue our health insurance company?
I turned 18 last month, what are some things I should be doing to prepare myself for the future?
Should I take out a loan?
5 years into my start-up, I have to chose: Give up or Go on? Advice?
This job, or that one?
Prudential 401K Transfers between holdings, fees or no?
A buddy told me about this trick to increase credit score, is this legit?
20/M, working 30h a week for $10. I have no credit score, not in school and looking into getting a credit card. What are options to suit me best, or, should I avoid one?
Is there somewhere to discuss medical bills?
Dad wants to transfer all his securities in a traditional IRA to us 3 kids. Will he get hit with a huge tax burden?
$34K in debt. $25k severance pay. Where to start?
Can I get a deal on paying off a loan in full even if I have good credit?
Does it hurt me if my buyers agent knows how much I'm prequalified for?
Just won 32k USD in online poker tournament, who do I notify concerning the taxes that may be deductible? (canada)
How fast should I pay off student loans?
When does it make sense to lease?
Do you track your net worth? I was curious so I put together this poll for r/personalfinance. Take it and then view the results.
Am I putting too much into my 401k?
AAoA Question I haven't seen posted before: My two oldest accounts are a checking and savings at the same credit union, both opened in 2003. I want to close the checking. Will this impact my credit history?
Dealing With Defense Finance Accounting Service Debt? Otherwise good credit
Would you consolidate federal student loans if you could cut 2.5% on rates?
Help me understand my HSA?
Will have at least 250K in debt when my husband graduates, how do we budget now?
(UK) inheriting £40k. Have a mortgage on a London flat but moving in a year. What do we do with the cash till then? Wife wants to put it straight into the mortgage.
Debt collector violated FDCPA, what now?
Pros and cons of using a Buyers agent when buying first house?
Another student loan question, pay in school or after I graduate?
What's the best credit card to rack up frequent flyer miles?
Better for credit to open a new credit card to bring debt below 30%, or leave as is at ~36%?
Switch from Roth to 401k to keep lower tax bracket?
Pay off $1900 or pay $360 a month till March?
What kind of car should I buy?
Debt summons, due date past, just taked to their attorney and he said he'll give me a week to think about how I want to proceed. Best options?
Ways to make a decent side income online?
What to do with my somewhat good credit?
How much is employer provided health insurance worth?
Pros/Cons of re-financing an Auto Loan?
I want to buy a house in 8-10 years. Should I invest? What risk should I take if I do invest?
Canceling my first Credit Card?
How do I prevent income tax from murdering my pay checks?
Who's better to get a car loan from: Dealership or bank?
Got a lower interest rate offer on my MC. Should I accept?
22k $ ; 0$ debt; buy an appartement or invest it?
How much to save up before move?
How much should I invest in my 401(k), Roth or traditional, and what to invest in? I want to open an IRA also. How much to put in it?
How should I go in paying for a dental procedure?
What should I [26/f] do about a bank account my ex [24/f] still share?
Requesting a reduced APR?
Confused- rejected by the Chase Freedom card with a score of 771. What now?
Depositing too much?
Simple vs. Charles Schwab, thoughts?
Have you used Affirm to buy now and pay later?
I have no children and I am past the point of having them. I also don't have any young family. Could you help me decide where/who I should gift my estate to when I pass?
Paid 1500$ additional tax this month, what to do ?
Finally saving up some money (about 50k). Now what?
Do you guys read stuff like Brian Tracy, Jim Rohn, or John Maxwell? If so, what have you found the most useful?
What's reasonable for companies these days to match 401K's?
117K in Federal Student Loans, but I have moved to Europe with no intention of ever returning to the U.S. Can I stop making my loan payments with impunity now that I live abroad?
[US] At the age of 30, what should the average person have put towards their retirement/401k?
Am I due for a tax rebate? If so, how do I get this?
Illegal move by my former company? (PNC Mortgage/Miamisburg Ohio)
Can bond funds still be a good investment when interest rates are rising?
How can I sell a car if I still owe money?
Can I rollover an HSA while not in an HDHP?
What is the best credit card for maximizing rewards with a several thousand dollar purchase coming up?
I Just Maxed Out My 401k, Now What?
Starting retirement at 44, how to go about this?
I'm a streamer on twitch. Do i have to pay taxes?
Because of occupation, IRA/401k Fund choices are restricted. Here are the choices that have been pre-cleared. Which would you say is best?
Should I transfer my credit card debt? Wells Fargo to NFCU
Should I pay off all of my student loans now?
I have about 2,000 in debt at 20 yrs old. My credit cards' no interest period is almost up. I was told taking out a loan is better than credit cards due to interest rates. Should I take out a loan to pay my debt and instead make payments toward that loan?
[Serious]It has been over 30 days and I have received neither my security deposit NOR a letter stating what they are deducting from it. Company says "We sent it and you should get it (last)Wednesday". What is next? I live in FL.
[Random Question] Should I pay my credit card bill on the due date, or a day before?
I'm getting a $75k signing bonus for starting a new job, what should I do with it?
Moving out with 37k in student loans with income of 2700/month. Will I be ok?
Why would anyone get a 3 or 6 month CD when High Yield savings accounts offer a greater return?
Can I authorize my dad to cash my savings bonds somehow? I don't want to drive 4 hours to cash them.
How much money do you have left after you have allocated the appropriate amount to all of your bills, savings goals, etc?
Student loan payment plan review?
My water bill says I used over 30,000 gallons in the span of 2 months. How can I prove that I did not?
Age 52 man, living on SSI presently with food stamps and public housing. He got a B Science degree in 2007, never married no kids, $4000 in credit card debt, 17 year old car... has questions on how to improve his lot??
Trying to go to my life back in order. College maybe?
My bank cancelled my inactive credit card. What should I know, and what steps should I take next? (CA)
How does an AmEx card play into your credit utilization?
So what's the deal with "We finance ANYONE!" car dealerships?
What can I do for my life ahead?
Does being over 100% utilization on my credit cards count negatively on my credit report even if my total credit utilization for all accounts is much lower than 100%?
Capital onee holding my payment for 15 days?
My father is a low/low-mid income individual who has come across "ACN" which appears to me to be a MLM/Pyramid Scheme. How do I go about proving to him not to pursue it?
How badly did I fuck up? $22 hospital bill sent to collections. How do I avoid ruining my credit now?
Should I open a Roth IRA if I have a Roth 401(k)?
I received a certified letter from the IRS regarding "Earned Income Tax Credits" I apparently "claimed" for my "clients." Now, the IRS is auditing "some of [my] clients' tax returns that claimed the EITC." Am I in trouble, or do they have the wrong person? Any help is appreciated!
Banking without a branch. Advice?
Advice for a senior in high school?
Should I Help My Parents Out of this Situation?
I have a sort of unique situation - medical student, loans paid off, with a military scholarship paying me ~$2000 for the next 48 months. What do I do?
Just got my first job! What should I expect?
Where is the best place to store my emergency fund?
16 year old, first minimum wage job, any advice?
Is my wife getting ripped off by this life insurance policy?
Tax situation if approximately half of my net income comes from self-employment?
Renting a room; Do I need renters insurance?
[US] How do you budget when you have more money than you need right now?
Is this an appropriate way to use a credit card?
[EUR to US] International wire transfer, non-standard currency exchange rate?
Free life insurance from my credit union? Is this too good to be true?
How can I make the most out of my 20s (not in USA)?
Should I buy a house?
What percentage of Americans will receive an inheritance?
Divorcing husband after 24 years. Clueless about money. How do I do this?
Should I ask to be taxed?
Anyway to lower your home internet bill?
Paying off used car loan ASAP?
I started working a second job and have a couple hundred extra bucks a month than what I've ever had before. How can I get the most out of my extra cash? Does using a service like etrader or scottrade make any sense?
Should we consider bankruptcy?
(NZ) How do I work out how much to save per week?
Ready Home Business Online. Does It Really Work?
I'm ahead for a very bumpy next 2-3 years of my life. Is there any sort of loan I could take out with no income that I could pay back over the course of my life when things get better?
[US] Can I give, a normal citizen, loan money to anyone? How can I pay taxes on the fees I make?
How do I stop feeling so anxious about my finances?
Why do so many people assume taxes will go up in the future?
[UK] Am I making a correct decision going for either leasing or financing (PCP) a car instead of buying outright?
Motivating oneself to save?
Vanguard wants to change my account type, should I let them?
My student loan accounts are closed and my credit score took a bad hit. Why? Help?
I got a collections notice for a red light ticket I'd never seen before. Do I need to pay?
should I buy a new car?
Why was my post about mint.com not requiring email verification removed?
Engagement ring stone broke, not sure if covered. Help?
Want to see the most depressing subreddit? /r/borrow. Redditors asking for payday loans via paypal typically at thousands of % APR (10%/week is common).
Young investor looking to invest £1k in the UK in a Vanguard fund, how and where do I open the best one?
Pros/cons of having multiple credit cards?
[CA, USA] My friend has undergraduate student loans from Great Lakes. He wants to pay off his undergraduate student loans ASAP (even when they are in deferment) while he is still in school. He tried creating an account on Great Lakes, but they did not let him. How can he pay off his loans ASAP?
Best Credit Cards for Starters?
Should I get rid of my old car before I get my new one?
Do all companies allow you to transfer their company pension to a SSIP?
Trying to get out of debt. Easy side jobs to get into?
Im 21 and have proactively saved more money than I ever thought I could. Whats a good next step?
Opening checking/savings with Ally with no credit?
Mom wants to rent out an illegal extension of the house, bad idea? What are the risks
I want to transfer my Roth IRA to Vanguard's Brokerage, but I saw that there is an $1000 minimum additional investment for any account. Advice?
How do i remove public records from Credit Score?
High school senior, what percent of my income should I save?
What else can I do?
What is the benefit to an employer of matching a 401K?
Parents: How much do kids actually cost?
Are one or both of these debt relief offers too good to be true?
Excel spreadsheet to manage finances?
Are 401k contributions considered part of your total income for that year?
What is the best strategy for repaying several old defaulted debts?
Best apps for budget Planning (android?
Help getting financially stable?
Is 5600 dollars in bills a month simply too much for a 22 year old?
Rent or Buy (condo, Houston) - Advice?
I have two Chase cards I want to transfer the balance between, will my scheme work?
Is Lending Club a reputable investment strategy?
Don't know what to do. Might withdraw from school and move back into my abusive parents' house because depression is taking hold. $130k in debt and payments on loans would be $1000 once I leave, and withdrawing would make me ow $40k immediately. What do I do?
I want to leave my full-time job and go back to school full-time. How can I use money for school to help pay my living expenses while doing that, without making mistakes doing so?
Use 403b money to pay off student loans?
Who offers the best savings account for college students?
Can I always run a negative balance on my Credit Card?
How much do I stand to lose if a stop working for a year?
What should I do with my savings?
Financially well off 26 y/o. How much will I stand to lose if stop working for a year to "adventure"?
Should I liquidate my Vanguard ETFs and invest in their retirement mutual funds?
Is it better to pay down debt, or save? (AU)
How is credit utilization calculated?
Disadvantages of moving a checking account from a large, established commercial bank?
Best way to pay off credit card?
Where can I collect from a large group of people in order to raise money for an event?
Investing in Vanguard funds through USAA Roth?
Did we make the right decision?
How many credit cards do you have?
Which loan to pay off? I'm currently in college, self-employed tutoring
Payment on credit cards how should I pay it? Paying early vs waiting for statement.
Is there a way to check credit score as an international student?
How easy is it to add my name to my father's mortgage?
Does the "Authorized User" credit trick work still?
Will merging my chase credit cards lower my credit score?
Canadian buying a recreational property in the US? How would you do it?
How to properly balance long-term retirement investing and saving for a down payment?
Can early withdrawal of some funds from my IRA avoid the 10% tax penalty if it was due to illness?
I have Dependent Care FSA account can still claim child care deductions on taxes (USA)?
(CAN) - 20 year old. Help me be money smart?
Parents just asked me to open a line of credit. Should I be worried?
What is my next step?
How Does an IRA Work After Marriage?
Am I making a logical decision with my money?
Where do you keep your emergency fund?
Girlfriend's parents died, she isn't really sure what to do with her inheritance, any advice?
My financial adviser has gotten very good (but not suspect) returns, but gets mad at me spending money. What should I do?
Is 1500000 euro enough to life jobless life?(slo)
Not a US resident, but have a US bank account, when do I have to pay taxes?
What is wealthy? not mega rich, but average well off?
Is 1 500 000 euros enough money to live without a regular job?(SLO)
Credit Card Help?
Best option for paying on Student Loan?
Telecommuting contractor with an interest in travel -- what to do financially? (legally!)
Looking for outsider advice on whether to trade in my car. Is it worth it?
Is there any way I can consolidate personal loan and credit cards for a lower interest rate?
Going back to school for a Law Degree. What to do with Savings?
Finally paying off my credit card debt and building up my credit. Would it make sense to get another credit card?
How much to spend on an engagement ring?
Help! I have contributed to my Roth as usual, however, I received a raise that puts me over the income limit. What should do next?
Can I live comfortably if I drop out?
Refinance med school loans after graduation?
What is a good place to consolidate private and public student loans?
Is it better to stay in the US at a 13% tax rate, or to move overseas and work corp to corp for USA clients?
23 years old, my 401k and IRA have both only gone up around 1% since I started in January. Both of them are Target Retirement funds. At my age, should I just switch to a total stock market or S&amp;P fund?
I have a CMA with more than enough to create my emergency fund. Do I transfer from CMA to fill my EF and begin contributing to IRA?
Going from waiter to doing everything around the restaurant.. how much do of a raise do I ask for?
Good web sites to peruse for market / financial news?
If my dad can't pay his Amex bill, and I am an authorized user, will my credit also be affected?
I'm reading about foreclosures for the first time and they look freakishly unfair. Am I misunderstanding something?
23 Yr/Old. ~55k income. $0 in debt. Wish to start investing. How good is P2P investing?
Filed a Claim for Depreciated Value on Vehicle After Collision - Can I Put Money Towards my Car Payments?
Any extra advice for card debt?
Should I sell my car?
Like the Financial Advisor, Hate the Company, What to Do?
Thoughts on Micro-Investing?
Is having ~$500 in discretionary income every month doing okay for a recent college grad?
Engagement ring budget?
Any disadvantage to paying off credit card before billing cycle ends?
What will happen to my mom's student loan debt?
Does it matter who I take a mortgage from?
Can I, as a foreigner, invest in an index fund in the USA?
Employer is changing my healthcare plan. Is this good or bad for me?
Can I afford a car?
Do I sell my cars, pay off debt and buy new cars?
Does my credit rating take a ding every time I get a new Credit Card issued?
finally time for a credit card?
Non-US citizen working here temporarily: what happens to my 401(k) and potentially Roth IRA when I leave the country?
I want to split my investments up like a target retirement fund. Do I separate tax advantaged vs. non-tax advantaged?
I am an independent contacted actor that works for an interactive theater, I submit invoices for payment twice a month. They are a week (and counting) late paying me. What are my rights?
Finally out of financial crisis mode; where do we go from here?
Can father whose been out of the picture claim family as dependents?
Should I go through the dealer for an auto loan, or find a bank on my own?
Thoughts on Northwestern Mutual whole life as a product?
How do I rollover my 403b?
Incentives when opening an IRA account?
Graduating from college in June. Full-time job starts in July. Pay down student loans or invest?
How to plan for a discretionary 401k match?
Which is wiser in the long run: Pre-paying student loans or maxing out IRA contributions with extra cash?
Do Roth IRA contributions make your adjusted income lower?
Should I use an HSA provided by my insurance, or by my bank?
Will I have to pay capital gains tax when I sell my home?
Big pay raise is freaking me out! How do you guys control lifestyle inflation?
Short sale questions, am I screwed?
As a young adult, what are some ideas that i can start looking into saving for years to come? (CA)
401K Fund Options...What to pick?
What should a college students budget look like?
What's the most you'll spend on an impulse buy?
Can anyone here explain how California overtime taxes work?
After 5 months, Comcast won't stop billing me for service that I have already cancelled. What can I do?
I have a promissory note from selling the shares of a company I used to own. Can I sell the promissory note?
Just had my credit card company close and then reopen my account. Will this affect my credit score?
Do i have to include a very small salary from a non-profit on my 1040?
Should I refinance? Detailed scenario inside.
Name confusion leads to wrongful debt collection and bad credit, help?
401k: 50% match up to 2%, 6 year graded vesting schedule. Worth it?
Running a small business vs. investing in a large company. Why one is better than the other?
What should I know about welfare?
Should I pay off student loans or save more money first?
What to do with finances (joint bank account, etc.) at death?
Low job offer with small company that promises growth?
Help budgeting for a family of three?
Max out Roth IRA and invest remaining cash in an individual account or invest all in an individual account?
How do you use excel in personal finance matters?
Just been hit with a Debt I didn't know about. Any advice please? (UK)
Max 401(k) before IRA when I have access to same funds?
What would you do if you find out your Credit card information was stolen from Target/ Home depot?
Pay student loans with a credit card?
Can someone explain in layman's terms 203k loans, and/or other financial options for the purchase of a short sale home? [xpost /r/realestate]
(UK) I continued with rent standing order 2 months after moving out. Can I get my money back?
Bill sent to collections while I was disputing a charge, any recourse?
Received 7 reissued credit cards this year from Bank of America, is this higher than normal?
Can I move funds from VTSAX to VTI to tax loss harvest?
Sell car at loss to reduce monthly bills?
Seeking Advice: Where am I going wrong?
Get a loan for a new (used) car or pay in cash with money from emergency fund?
Thoughts on mortgage preapproval websites? Are they a thing to do?
Should I get a loan?
How can you tell if a job is legit?
Started a new job recently. Should I ask for a higher salary?
My former health insurance is jerking me around and threatening to send me to collections, what should I do?
Repeated "authorization" issues when opening accounts?
Took advice and got a BoA secured credit card as my first card, was that bad advice since student loan payments are due soon?
ELI5: What are Vanguard Admiral Shares?
How can I safely gain some modest interest on a monthly savings contribution of $150?
How can I get myself out of a huge hole of ltd company tax debt?
Refinancing 3% car loan from 60 to 36 months?
Credit scores depend partially on length of credit history. I'm young and debt free. Should I open several no-fee credit cards?
Pay off loans from cash savings?
Got rear ended on highway. Other driver's insurance is assuming liability and told me my car is deemed totaled. What can I do to negotiate the best cash value of my car when they give me a number?
Is it a 'hard credit inquiry' when you ask to increase your credit limit on your credit cards?
Rate Reduction Program on Mortgage?
Closing credit card to boost credit score?
Calculator to show actual holdings of index funds, by value?
Bank of America is charging me money for not having any money. I'm thinking of closing account soon. Are there any disadvantages for not having an account?
Is SO a independent contractor or employee?
Savings, What should I do differently?
Is there a 'Rule of Thumb' ratio for Available Credit to Income?
How much did you make starting out after college?
Counted on getting a second mortgage on a second property to pay a significant tax obligation, didn't get the mortgage. What is the IRS going to do?
I am having trouble saving money for a new computer, any tips or advice? (UK)
I've been grinding and in debt my whole life. What can I do to get back to 0?
Should I refinance my house to pay off my student loans?
$177,450 current principal balance on federal loans going into last month of forebearance: Advice?
Reaffirmation of mortgage debt never filed by lender after chapter 7. Can they file it now?
My brother will be 18 next week, how can I help him to build credit?
2nd mortgage or home equity loan to pay off student loans?
What are some good investment and/or personal finance books?
Is Credit Card Diversity a Necessity?
Wait, my stocks had a negative dividend?
Is there anything wrong with my only retirement savings being 5.5k/yr in a Roth IRA from age 22-65?
Using Employer HealthCare to Negotiate?? (US)
Monthly auto-transfer from savings to credit card problem, money missing?
Can I buy portions of mutual fund shares on my IRA? (USA)
Financing a new roof, suggestions?
How do you figure out how much of your budget to set aside for fun/wants?
Can I afford to take a mental health hiatus?
Isn't bankruptcy the worst thing you can do?
Buy a house or open a business first?!
Is there a program that can help me track both projected and realized spending on day to day expenses?
If spouse dies, do I have to pay off his student loans?
Considering selling some property as owner-financed. What are the pros and cons to doing this?
How many days do they give you if you get evicted out of your apartment for not paying?
What should I be looking for when I apply for my first credit card?
I make about 350 every two weeks. How much should I be saving?
Cost of living calculator?
Holding company and tax benefits? Irish citizen, working soon.
What is going on with my investment account in Mint?
Is there a minimum amount of debt that can affect your credit?
SO has personal debt and credit isn't awesome - if we marry, will it effect me?
In Florida, is it illegal not to pay minimum wage for training?
I have close to $30K in the bank, no major debt. I am a single 26 year-old software developer making $75K/yr. Is buying a home while the market is down a good idea/investment?
Is it advisable or even possible to perform an international balance transfer from one credit card(s) to another? US - UK
Just got denied a secured credit card from Wells Fargo with FICO score of 590, how can I rebuild credit now?
Where to start looking for life insurance?
Pay off student loans immediately or wait?
How should I progress with increasing my credit score? Am I using it in a productive way?
Car loan help?
(CA) Are their any short-term investments to make to earn money on savings?
Received large cash gift (not payment for anything). What steps do I do?
Account in collections randomly removed?
Got a pre-approved application in the mail for a credit card. Should I get it?
Best liquid investment for my savings?
Questions about minimum investments for IRA?
Resigning from a job - best way to handle accumulated vacation time?
What are some pitfalls of moving from a virtual stock exchange to real trading?
Two years in TSP vs opening a new Roth IRA?
30 year old that never misses paying bills with Debit, should I/which Credit Card should I get?
(Serious) I get paid in cash for legal adult services. Taxes???
Check was deposited by the wrong recipient. How is this possible? Do I have any recourse?
Is it true in CA after 4 years you can no longer be liable for credit card debt?
Poor College Student, Can’t Qualify for Financial Aid or Student Loans, Are there any other Options?
Earning by reading commercials. Worthy ?
Does a cars residual value change based off state?
Grandparents co-signed on my car loan, I can use their AARP. Downside to paying off the car early?
Is this a phishing scam? I'm actually not sure...
At what point in the car buying process from a private owner do I go to get my loan?
How much do I spend on engagement ring?
Do I need to apply for two separate loans for a New and Used car? Will my credit take a hit?
Credit union advisor lead me to open a Roth IRA with Oppenheimer, am I screwed?
Which high-yield savings account offers the fastest transfers?
Halifax Reward Current Account cheat?
How would a tax foreclosure affect credit rating?
Retirement plans for Public Sector Employee: Fund DC plan or IRA?
Contribute to 401k or pay down student loans faster?
Should I pay extra to my mortgage or student loans?
Some drunk asshole hit my car. Insurance won't pay because he doesn't have a license. How is that my fault?
(CA) Can I withdraw money from an RESP on my deceased father's behalf?
Should I get a credit card?
23 years old, In college, student loans, building credit, paying for a car, and looking to get an apartment. Any helpful info?
When to lock myself into a cell phone contract by extending it? (x-post to /r/eupersonalfinance)
Should I pay off mortgage early?
I was added to some line of credit by my father years ago. It seems I am still on it, what can I do to remove this and prevent it from affecting my score?
Sell the house to pay down student loans?
How screwed am I? How do I dig out?
Question for you Mint gurus: Is there any way to have rental income cancel out expenses?
I owe $21,000 in student loans. Should I wait to get a credit card?
How do stock options work?
Recently landed a job as a server should I be keeping track of how much I make in tips?
Can someone get a loan for land with enough money left to build their house?
How do I make the most of 100% home equity?
Employer is late with paychecks. What can I do?
Over Our Heads?
SEP IRA?
How does credit rating work as a foreigner?
My parents are planning on gifting me some property, what sort of taxes should I be expecting? (US)(NY)
(CA) IYO would it be worth taking on a debt load of approx. $4k - $6k for health/medical reasons?
Is selling my home and using the equity to pay of student loans and move to a lower cost city a terrible idea?
Best way to consistently track your credit score?
Can I contribute to HSA while unemployed, but on COBRA?
Would wages go under COGS or Expenses on the Income statement?(SMALL BUSINESS HELP)
Importance of rental agreement for a renter?
Promoted ~1-1.5 years ago, but since then, I've been given way more responsibilities than my current title. How to discuss a more aggressive promotion than what I've already been given?
First Time Car Buyer: New Honda FIT vs Used Toyota Prius: what's a wiser choice? (x-post r/frugal)
16 years old just got my first job joining Georgia Credit Union yay or nay?
I have excellent credit to take out a loan, will allowing my girlfriend to cosign help improve her credit score?
Independent and objective financial advisors: do they exist? [CA]
Can I buy/sell commodities through CBOT via an online tool? (MX)
Do I need to include an address on a check?
What is the point of savings accounts if you can't earn any real interest in them?
Is it better to be $49,000 in debt with an Associates degree, or $80,000 in debt with a Bachelors degree? (Student loans)
Will refinancing my car actually help me?
Scratching my head, better APY with savings than a CD???
18, Graduating high school in 8 months. Parents are NOT assisting me in paying for college. I have a couple grand saved up. What do I do?
Would a Lending Club or other loan be worth it for us to tackle our massive credit card debt?
Is it better to put a large sum of money into a Roth IRA or better to invest a percentage on a weekly basis?
Should I cash in or hold on to these EE bonds?
Saving account vs money market?
To restore credit, despite being a victim of identity theft, should I get a secured credit card or pay off credit card debit first?
If my mortgage is through my lender, why do I need to have a cashier's check for the title company?
"Building Costs" deduction on paycheck?
International student to marry a US citizen?
Working in a startup while being future-minded?
A good way to make money out of money?
Hey Reddit, my SO, who's a college student, crashed friend's car (everyone involved is fine). My so wasn't insured to drive it. What happens next?
Can me &amp; my wife both open up an HSA under a family HDHP?
Spouse withholding for my 1099?
Can I get a mortgage out in my parents name?
Employer wants to pay me my salary in lump sum. Is this a good idea?
Discover Personal Loan. Good idea or bad idea?
Getting a mortgage out in my parents name?
What to do with post-tax savings?
How to I secure gains in a longer-term, diversified "buy&amp;hold" account?
What's the minimum I can make on a 6 month project and be 'ok'?
Best way to live off a big windfall long term?
Should I negotiate pay for this job?
Paying for Second Bachelors Degree?
What my best option for short-term savings?
Buying a home. Small 401k loan for down payment to lower VA funding fee?
Is it possible, if you were to disregard all debt accrued, to go to college without paying anything out of pocket until after you are finished?
Should I only make minimum payments to my student loans?
What do you think about payday loans internet services?
I did some work for a non-profit company in exchange for a tax receipt, but now I'm being told that I need to invoice them, collect payment, then donate the money back to them. I'll have to pay GST and income tax if I do that, so how does this tax receipt benefit me? (CA)
Should I quit a high paying job with no job to go to? Not sure if this is a mid-life crisis, a nervous breakdown, or some final return to a desire to do something meaningful
anyone want to give an opinion on two very different approaches to paying back my student loans?
Should I contribute to my RRSP (CA version of 401k)?
Should I use money from an ESPP to pay off a car loan?
Payoff mortgage or Save money/invest?
Software for refiling state taxes from 2011?
I was in a car accident how much should I expect for compensation after surgery?
Need to buy a car ASAP - Credit is a wreck - What options do I have? (USA/Tx)
Am I reading my $1 raise right on my paycheck? I feel like it is incorrect.
How do I find my debts? Yeah I'm an idiot...
Is Washington state a financially reasonable place to move and if so, how can I afford it?
Are my student loans affecting me getting a new credit card?
Is an ARM a good choice if we are certain we will refinance the house to get rid of PMI on a FHA mortgage?
Open-ended loan for car refinance?
For those of you who have refinanced with SoFi, is it possible to defer the loans if you plan on re-entering school at a later date?
Having Friends/Family Donate To Child's College Fund?
About to make an offer on a house. We can afford the list price and we love the home, but what advice would you have for negotiating the cost down?
How can I pay for a probate with no income?
Anyone else apply for FAFSA really late?
23 with lots of investments, what should I do?
Pay off a 0% APR loan early?
Need for Multiple Lines of Credit?
I need advice - how do I avoid paying tax on the profit from the sale of my home?
How much money would I need in the bank to live off of the interest?
30 - at the company i plan to retire from, new family - where to go from here?
Which job should I take?
How should I manage college savings as the future student gets closer to graduation from high school?
Predicting currency changes/exchange rates? (UK)
How much does it cost to buy a Subway store?
How to pay for a "new" used car?
Building credit in Canada as an American?
I asked the hospital I owe $1700 at to give me an itemized list of what I owed them, they refused. What now?
"Single" mother filing taxes for the first time. What are my options?
How am I doing?
Why doesn't PF ever talk about the Student Loan Interest Deduction? Any other common deductions?
Employer terminating our ADP retirement plan, what's my best next step?
Why does a 401(k) require an employer sponsor?
Balance transfers- any catch?
30M - Relationship Finances - How do you address financial decisions/planning with your SO?
If you were 19 again what would you do differently?
Huge jump in income, what do I do?
Newly self-employed, how much will I be taxed?
Husband just defaulted on student loan. What the hell do we do?
Early 30Married Couple: Savings vs 401k?
401k matching - what does "100% of the first 5% of contributions" mean?
Should I ask for a reconsideration from Chase? additional question about PayPal credit
Early 30's Couple: Savings vs 401k?
In September I refinanced my auto loan with PNC, the original lender Wells Fargo, auto-debited my monthly payment account the other day and I discovered PNC never sent them a check. PNC is not returning my calls. What are my options?
Looking to improve job situation?
Is 100% financing ever a good idea for a mortgage?
A law firm just sent me a bill for $1500 for unpaid toll road fees from 3 years ago - is this real?
When should I apply for a new credit card?
The typical buying vs renting question. Can you please help me in my case?
Should I buy a car? High school senior.
I'm not sure where else to ask this, but I need some help. Financially and tax-wise, is it a bad idea to live in one state but work in another?
Better late than never - 31 years old and starting my retirement account, am I doing this right?
I am a 17 year old high school student. I need a job and I have a wide range of technology skills, but I am unable to travel everyday to work at a physical location. what are my options as far as remote work goes?
Am I crazy or dumb? I feel like my paycheck is so much smaller than what it should be
Just got $35K, what should I do with it?
(CA) Getting paid into a credit or debit account for small purchases?
Is interning abroad worth the financial debt?
My Aunt Is Willing To Pay For My Rent While I'm at College. Do I Put Her Down As Proof Of Income?
How can I make it on my own?
Is this normal for a medical bill?
Newly Married, New Graduates, 23 years old - What's going wrong?
Take the money or attempt car repairs?
I'm 18 and a virgin to the field of personal finance. What can I do this week to improve my future?
Which Good Faith Estimate would you choose?
First offense DUI in hawaii. What's next?
Canada Revenue Agency says I owe $350 for my Medical Service Plan because I failed to claim my income for 2012/2013 because I didn't have any. Help?
Sold my house in 2005 as a short sale, and it's still on my credit report????
ER bill. What information am I entitled to?
How can I afford graduate school without any help at all from my parents?
Parent opened store credit cards w/ my name at 14. How do I close them?
Chase is switching me over to a Saphire card with a $95 annual fee, what is my best course of action?
Increase mortgage payments or buy second property?
How do you create a budget when you're constantly in the red due to private student loan debts?
Need advice... should I sell or keep my car?
Wife and I have combined accounts, but she is incredibly irresponsible. I want to open up my own accounts and not give her access. Tips?
What's the easiest/cheapest way to transfer money to another person?
Have an "Interview" with Primerica this afternoon but after reading reviews I don't know if I should even go- advice please?
Do I need to reallocate my 401k?
ELI5: Motif investing, yay or nay?
First time home owners incentives?
What questions to consider with a job offer involving startup equity?
Should I cancel my vision insurance for one year to save money?
Advantages to being on the same health insurance?
Any way to game "If you spend $x, we'll give you $y" credit card offers?
How do people have credit cards opened in their name when they are too young to legally open one?
401k or Roth 401k?
Deciding to commute via public transit or get a car?
Moving to the US from Canada. I'm being sponsored, sure, but now what?
Can I get a mortgage on a house I already own?
How do you handle debt from before a relationship in a marriage?
Immediate Credit Score Results from a Secured Credit Card?
26 male, terribad credit, in around 7k of debt. Where to start?
Are there any safe financial instruments that guarantee a return greater than the rate of inflation?
Tax Advice (Should i hire a professional come next year?)
Selling a house with equity to buy another. What do we need to know?
I won a trip worth $5,000 and I think it will bump me up to the next tax bracket. How will this affect me come tax season?
Roommate(s) are ditching the lease not even 1/3 of the way in, how do I handle this? [US]
How many other PF subscribers work in the Finance / Investment field and in what field?
Investing newbie - ETFs?
Are Savings Bonds Still a Good Gift?
i just turned 19 and im going to the Navy and i want to start off my finances really good. Any tips i should think about ??
Where can I get a copy of my wage record for the year?
Checked credit report...student loans don't show up. Unusual?
How does it work to buy a house when you need to sell your current house to make the down payment?
Help for my mom? (Retirement related)
Im in utah, being evicted at 18; suggestions?
Can someone explain how Employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)?
Savings bonds, What precautions should I take before cashing in?
Selling my house, just received the Hud-1 which of these escrow fees are junk?
Just got into a coding bootcamp in San Francisco (Hack Reactor). Best way to fund?
How should I end automatic withdrawals by CA?
Give my spouse an IRA?
Am i missing some other option? Condo Sale.
7% APR Mortgage?
I'm trying to save money for a short term goal, separation from military in 4 years. Is there a higher yield, less liquid option than saving account?
Buying bonds instead of using a savings account. Bad idea?
Young high(ish) income couple - making the right choices?
I am 23 years old. I have very little money saved up. Should I move back home?
15 Year Old Male...what do I do next?
I have money sitting in a 501(c)(9) plan from a past job. How can I get access to it?
How much should someone pay towards their credit bills?
No-Show wedding vendor avoiding calls/emails. What should be our next step?
I just got a credit card what are some of things I should know and do?
Are there any perks to being a shareholder of a local business? Can I get free coffee, for instance, if I buy local coffee shop shares?
Are 401k and RothIRA subject to investment risk ?
What do I need to consider if I break up with someone I share an apartment/lease with?
[CA] I'm 16, Won $1000 - What Is The Smartest Thing To Do With It?
Parents in debt-what to do?
How do I choose the best CD to put money in?
401k manager says "you don't like it, tough!" when asked to stop changing our investments. What are our options?
Even after reading, I'm still confused as to what ETFs are why why someone would choose them over a mutual fund. Can someone ELI5?
Husband just lost job- Can we still afford a house?
Does this budget make sense?
How much of your income do you save? What do you think is reasonable?
Are there any good ways to determine how much to put into a traditional IRA to decrease taxes?
GF needs some advice, bad credit but many are about 5 years old. Wait it out or pay?
How am I doing with my finances? (grad student, 24, no debt)
Can an expedited retirement savings make up for the failure to save before now?
Realized today that I’m in the middle of a bill dispute clusterfuck. How do I get out?
Does anyone know how many allowances I should claim on my w 4 form so I have the least amount of taxes taken out?
How can a minor take on debt?!
How can a minor take on debt?
Did I mess up?
I contributed some money pre-tax to a 401(k) and want to convert it to Roth. Is there really no way?
Pay off high interest credit card with emergency savings? (CA)
Broke student pay off CC with emergency savings? (CA)
I have 10K cash in hand. How do I safely invest?
Buying a house. Pulled funds have a few weeks before close should I re-invest? (133k)
Maxing out 401k contributions - how am I able to contribute an amount matching exactly the limit?
Former employer failed to pay employment taxes. What are my options?
Second mortgage, twice?
(AU) - Have 25,000 in savings, and no idea what to do with it besides sitting in the bank - any safe (and more profitable) suggestions?
Can my work legally give me a vehicle in lieu of owed pay? (Canada)
Mint.com has a free credit score thing......what's the catch?
I am a FL resident in the Military. Does it matter which state specific 529 plan I invest in?
Unconventional weekend jobs?
New job ~15K in old 401K, rollover?
23, Stuck in Europe with no money, no job &amp; 550 credit. Considering personal loan, options?
Should I transfer my credit balance?
Open banking accounts with discover or stay with my local credit union?
Buyer agent fee in addition to commission?
Received "Paid in full" letter, how does it affect my credit score?
Is there a legit way to make a few extra dollars from home?
What are the most high reward investments for the average person?
Who gives home loans to travel/agency nurses?
GF deep in student debt +$150,000, what options are available?
Will the interest rate on one loan go up as soon as I finished paying off another loan?
Mortgage insurance?
Anyone have experience w State farm car insurance?
Should I transfer my credit balance to a credit card with 0% intro apr?
Where can I get a Credit Card with my credit history?
Can my work ask for the money that they overpaid me even though I don't work there anymore?
review my financial position?
What is a good bank to choose to open a business account for my brand new, small business that won't earn much in the short term? (xpost banking)
What is the total term length in a 5/1 mortgage?
Moving from hourly to salary in November, tips on salary negotiation?
A bank that is not mine just texted me saying a card was activated. What to do?
What happens to credit score after credit accounts hit 8 years?
How important is a "good" school district?
I registered to pay a bill online today (10/11) that's due tomorrow (10/12). The payment won't be processed until Monday (10/13). Will the bill be considered late?
What credit card is good for beginners and has decent rewards?
(UK) Final year student severely in debt and out of money, do i have any options?
Banking with NO overdraft? (US)
How do I determine if my credit score is good enough for certain cards?
I bit off more than I could chew. Help?
What is the best free or paid software/app to use for managing my money?
California, filing for unemployment benefits. Things to know?
Transfer balance?
Save for house or live in condo?
What credit card has the best perks?
Is investing in a house worth it?
I rent from my parents. Is renter's insurance worth it?
(UK) Are there any bank accounts that will not turn me down?
Can I have a Roth IRA and a 401k, if so how do they affect each other?
I paid income tax to my 'home state' for 6 months out of this year while my military paperwork went through to correct my home to Texas where I have established residency. Do I ever get that back?
signing salaried employment contract soon, any things I should watch for?
I am planning to buy a house sometime next year. How do I find out how much homeowners insurance and property taxes will cost me?
How does a car loan affect chances of getting mortgage approved?
My husband keeps overdrafting on an asking that I'm linked to, erik this affect my credit score?
How often should I use my credit cards to not get them closed?
Invest, save or spend?
laddering cds strategy or should I do something else?
Is applying for a shell gas card a good first step for building credit?
Young /w no credit and a job that doesn't offer proof of income other than W-2s. Buying a used car?
About to turn 18 in a few months. How do I prepare for the real world?
Better to pay high interest first or get all credit cards below the high usage threshold?
Sending money Europe - US cheap alternatives?
How does buying a home work when you already own a home?
Who is best for an IRA?
Should we be making extra principal payments into our mortgage?
Will consolidation diminish my ability to repair my credit score?
Could you please critique my credit card Idea I came up with after reading the FAQ?
Am I insane for considering buying a new 4Runner?
[Student Loans] I qualify for both IBR and PAYE for the same amount, what should I choose?
What will being a 50% member of an LLC do for my social security benefits when I'm old?
Sometimes i forget about a bill and end up paying it a day or two late. Does that effect my credit at all?
Tax-exempt muni bond fund for first house down payment, five year target (NYC)?
Travelling from the UK to India/SE Asia/Oceania with no rigid plan - Advice on money and bank accounts?
I need opinions on down payments on a house. Do I go for 20% to avoid the fee, or just eat the fee and get the house a year earlier?
Credit card for student with allowance but no income?
Should I pay my student loan now or wait until the grace period ends?
Banking Help?
Erroneous Debit Card Charge?
Where to find a Financial Planner?
Can/should I buy a Vanguard index fund from my Scottrade Roth ?
Just found I've owed $15.58 to a credit union for 2 months. Will that greatly impact my credit score/rating?
Now that same-sex marriage is legal, should my boyfriend and I get married and live with the marriage penalty?
23 y/o how bad could my credit be?
Planning on visiting colleges and deciding on where I will go from which college leaves me in the least amount of debt. I'm not sure what to be asking them though?
Finding the right people to manage my money?
Pay it off all now, or live life comfortably? Asking for those that with previous life experience.
I'm incapable of acting like an adult. Is there anything that will give me n dollars of my money per time period?
Investing €200k to protect and simplify tax returns?
Should I become am authorized user on my parents account?
An IRS delay is preventing me from getting my financial aid. Is there anything I can do?
22yo college grad starting career. How should I handle my finances/savings?
If someone has my account and bank's routing number, can they access and withdraw my funds? (US)
About to get 300GBP. I'm a sixteen year old male and I feel irresponsible already with it. How do I stop myself from blowing it on junk?
Can you suggest a good first credit card?
Has anyone made investments on Prosper.com? What was your experience like?
Balancing saving long term, and living life and taking risks?
Have you moved your family in with your parents/in-laws so you could pay your debt or save money sooner?
Can I earn credit points by paying off a Bail Bond of $5,000? I have 19 more payments to make
Advice on lowering my $176/mo cable bill?
16 years old, no knowledge about finances, insurance, banking etc. About to start first job - Any tips?
Help With Thrift Saving Plan. About to get out of the Army, What do I do with it now?
Student Loans - Should I Pay More than Minimum?
What is the best way to pay down my debts and save some money too at the same time?
First time car purchasing advice for young adult student with almost no credit?
Financing a motorcycle after bankruptcy? British Columbia, Canada
When to get a second credit card?
Why shouldn't I put my life savings in Bitcoin?
Student with unneeded student line of credit, can I use it to make money?
Would I be liable for this Paypal debt?
Contributed to Roth IRA and now no longer eligible -- how to avoid penalties?
Best start for post-college life?
Paypal Credit?
Should I get my own phone plan?
What are the chances of getting accepted for a $5000 loan?
(Credit building) Seek a different secured loan provider or go with a secured CC?
I'm 18, I travel a lot (and pay for it myself), should I get a credit card with airline miles as a reward?
Is there ever a bad time to start a Roth IRA?
My parents apparently owe over $20,000 in back taxes. What can they do?
How Do You Think About Age Gap Relationship?
Convert dollars now or wait?
Getting a Credit Card and Never Using It?
Changes to credit score coming?
Which online savings account offer an ATM card?
What is the largest amount of money you've ever given away?
High Interest Checking Account (3%) Good idea?
20 y/o college student. No debt, have $10k in emergency fund, fortunate enough to be on full ride scholarship and I make ~$2.5k/month, after taxes. What is the best thing I can do with my money right now?
Low Credit (550) 5 Accounts in Collection Totaling $400 Help?
New salary job, can I ask for days off at christmas?
Question about Transferring Balance?
A friend is asking me to co-sign a loan. What would you do?
Flipping a house with a friend?
How to exchange money?
I have 10,000 credit limit but never utilize over 500$ should I ask to reduce my credit card limit?
How much house can you afford?
Company Doesn't Have 401k. Where should I put long-term savings?
This job worth keeping? Payroll questions...
I've met my health insurance out-of-pocket maximum, how can I make the most of this? (USA)
Car was repo'd and sold. I paid remaining balance should I get any documents?
20 or 30 years of term insurance?
When to pay credit card debts?
What programs can automatically categorize expenses from a CSV file?
Just did some calculations to find I'm earning a whopping 1.05% cash back on my credit card, am I missing out by not getting a higher return?
Rebuilding Credit: Should I Choose a Secured Card or a Regular Sub-Prime Card?
Amassed some credit card debit.. Should I pay it?
Allowing myself some spending money here and there?
Can online merchants get automatically notified of updated credit card expiration dates?
Credit inquiries removed early?
Best savings program for kids if I have a lump some of money to contribute right away?
Should I withdraw from my 401k to pay off high interest credit card debt?
Advice on getting into a lower tax bracket? My income is on the edge of the 15%/25% bracket.
Take the plunge on moving to new state or attempt to salvage what I have?
How do I fix my credit score in the fastest time possible?
Does my father have the legal right to empty my college fund?
What is the most cost-efficient way to transfer $ from a Canadian bank to an American bank?
What to do if repair costs more than half the value of my car?
Rate of return on company 401k is -1.99%?
Quicken Loans?
How do I report being bought out of an inherited piece of property? (CA)
Salary examples: is the number assumed to be pre-tax?
My parents are kicking me out. I have to find an apartment soon. I have no savings and I am $4000 on debt. How can I go about this?
MYFICO-Have I been had?
Abandon 403(b) for Roth IRA?
Is it worth contributing to 401(k) with a large student loan debt before I qualify for employer matching?
Should I take a higher paying SWE job ($100k in Bay Area or Seattle, Washington) or should I take a lower paying job ($70k in a low cost-of-living Northern/Central CA city) to maximize the amount I can save after-taxes?
why is making a loan from your 401K to yourself frowned upon?
Any advice on dealing with a significant other who doesn't share same views on finances?
Husband withdrew from school due to medical issues, now insurance is backdated from beginning of semester. What now?
Ex-Husband traded in vehicle with late payments. How does this affect me?
Best way for me to go about buying a car?
What will filing for bankruptcy do to a married 20 something?
Should I save more money for retirement or for other long-term savings (home downpayment, etc)?
Should we get married sooner or later?
Is now a good time to buy into the market at a discount?
Balancing budget, one time purchases, planning?
I own a very small incorporated company in Canada. Can my incorporation purchase a residential home as a company investment? What are the tax implications when collecting rent as profit?
Can landlords charge you for more than your security deposit for regular cleaning costs?
Is there an app similar to Acorns but for saving rather than investing?
Hey guys, I made a simple, ad-free website to help people calculate when they can retire. What do you guys think?
How do I not spend everything on food?
Are high deductible plans the best for a healthy 25 year old?
Advantages and rules to keeping my TSP after leaving Federal employment?
Should I get a second CC?
Using a bank loan to pay off student loans?
Need advice on paying back student loans. Is this a bad idea?
My grandad just randomly sent me a check for $10,000. What would you do?
How does foreign exchange rate affect cross-border income taxes?
Traveling around Europe, should I use credit card or cash?
Where Does Your Money Go When You Die?
Should I Apply For A Second Credit Card? (Canada)
I forgot to include $16k of my income in 2012 and now owe the IRS nearly $10k. What can I do if I can't afford this?
Using a Navy Federal Personal loan?
Any advice for a future medical student terrified of their future debt?
Will paychecks with the wrong last name affect my tax return?
Am I going too far by not wanting to spend 60k+ on my daughter's film degree?
Any downsides to paying off student loans in one sum? Details in text
In school and running out of money, what can I do?
Investing in an MBA program when asked to by employer...but not financially able to. Prudent?
So I finally have enough money to pay off my mistakes of my younger life, how should I go about it?
Take cash option with my ex-employer's pension?
Credit card fraud claim denied, what do do?
My mom has had $10k sitting in a .01% APY account for 15 years. How much value has that money lost, and what's the best option for her now?
Moving out, what do I need to know?
How old are you and how much do you have saved for retirement?
How do I start saving?
Feasible to transfer credit card balances to lower interest?
Life Insurance: Term+529 for Son or Universal Whole Life and take withdrawals in 18 years?
Lost ~$4k in 401k over the past few weeks, should I be worried?
Starting a career in the Air Force as enlisted. How much should I save annually for taxes and other responsibilities?
College student with hardly any expenses, should I spend on travel instead?
My $20K hospital bill is now $4K. How should I memorialize the settlement offer in writing? (Follow-up from previous post re: $20K hospital bill)
Do I get another student loan?
Those who have USAA; what can I do with it? (College Student- US)
What is the benefit of an American Express if it doesn't build credit?
On the topic of university degrees, when should you stick it out, and when should you fold?
Trying to avoid court ordered debt and bank levies from traffic fines temporarily until I get financially stable again are prepaid cards a good solution?
Wife and I moved an hour away from our condo. Is it best to get a property management company to rent it out for us?
Company ESSOP and Roth IRA, or just Roth IRA? (US)
With whom should I invest my HSA? Employer comes defaulted to Anthem|Mellon
Student Loans to Pay CC Debt?
Best ways to build credit in under 1 year?
New Job. Higher Pay. Where to start?
Can I have my bank (WF) automatically prepay my Toyota car loan every month by a set amount?
Superannuation or Taxation accounting (AUS)?
Do I need to see an accountant? (NZ)
DIN application in India?
19 in college and I need a car. *Need.* Is there any way I can get loans?
Is it worth getting a credit card for a 20 year old? (AU)
How do I take control of my finances for the first time in my life?
is it good to have a joint account with my wife?
Helping a friend as much as I can to stay afoot, should I take the "tough love" path or continue the stress? Please help.
(CA) Late paying taxes, not receiving CPP benefits, do we still get the sum back?
Personal Advice - Should I incur debt?
Where do people put 50% of earnings?
Are my employer's taking money off me illegally or legally?
Best options for a joint account for a working couple?
3000 in cash, 3000 in debt, pay it off now or gradually?
About to graduate with six-figure salary but $150k in student debt. Realistic to pay off in less than a year and a half?
Company ESOP, Roth IRA, or both? (US)
What is the tax liability on crowd sourced funds?
[UK] I recently joined a company which has a pension plan where I can opt-in to contributing via salary sacrifice. What are the benefits of opting in? Is it worth it later in life?
Reddit, I earn £1000 a month yet I can't save a single penny, where am I going wrong?
What to expect for an expat contract?
What's a good credit card with rewards and no annual fee?
Good resources on taxes? (US)
Increasing interest in collections?
Should I sell my gas/energy stock's now that gas prices are falling?
What is the smartest, most efficient way to get cell phone service? All the mobile companies here offer ridiculous plans that look like shell games and hat tricks.
What do you guys use as the rule of thumb for how much car one can afford?
401k Rollover, Stay with Financial Engines or Vanguard?
Closing Inactive Credits Cards - effect on score?
(CA) Engineering Graduate considering working in the US - what to expect in terms of taxes?
Should I value my decent credit history or rewards more?
Match employer 401k contribution first?
Use stock proceeds to payoff debt and improve monthly cash flow?
(US)8K in credit card debt...how to handle?
20 years old and need to go to school,my options?
If I want to switch my Roth from Fidelity to Vanguard, will I face any tax penalties/implications?
Self employed with a part time job. Employer just eliminated 401k for part timers. What should I do?
How to address job interviews with your current employer?
Bad Credit Score from unpaid Hospital Bills in collections. 25 y/o wants to get financially responsible. What is best way fix score, settle debts?
Can I justify a second home (partial rental income)?
What's something I can learn to do in my free time to make money and supplement my income from my 9-5? (X-post r/askreddit)
Possible to get a second auto loan?
Whats the smartest thing i can do with $3000? (UK)
I am being offered shares at a hookah lounge for employment along with min. wage and tips. Is it safe?
Is it better to go to a small university to accrue less debt or to go to a prestigious university for better job opportunities upon graduation?
Career Starter Loan - up to $36,000 at 0.75% APR?
High Interest on Private Student Loans, Consolidate?
Benefits, or personal health/dental insurance, which is the better choice?
Best debt consolidation loan?
Should I sell my house and move or pay off debt?
Need Advice: Use Savings/Bonds to Pay off CC Debt?
Do you think that my current plan to raise my credit is good, and what advice for improving it to you have?
Closing a Capital One Secured Card penalties?
The 3 Free Credit Monitoring services - paper copies or online only?
Where to save rainy day money apart from a savings account at 1%?
Help with SO Student Loan Debt (~60K) and general advice?
Where to start? Credit?
COBRA &amp; Dental Insurance use Subscriber's FSA?
Matthew Lesko success stories?
Leave current job in Austin, TX?
How do you decide b/t 529 contributions &amp; saving for house?
Too good to be true? Offered $5/month for Rehab on $6k defaulted fed. student loan..
Should I Refinance My Mortgage?
Will I get a loan for a 2004 car?
How to raise my credit score? Advice given on credit reports seems contradictory.
Should I do Roth 401(k) or Traditional 401(k)??
What's a good rule of thumb for purchase price on a car?
Paying accounts in collection . Is the CA required to give me a statement?
Personal direct deposit information leaked at my work, what can I do?
Should i pay off my car?
Can I realistically get a mortgage?
I'm almost clear of all credit! Now how can I get my score back up? Do I keep using credit?
How should I go about buying land for a house/farm?
Making ends meet but what else can I be doing?
28 Male, Student, looking to be a full time student without working. Am I financially ready?
Should I use the BrokerageLink Option with my 401k? (Fidelity)
I make $55,000 per year, my Fiancé makes $35,00 per year. How much house can we afford?
Refinancing equity in car to pay a collection?
Credit Card Advice - Cash back worth the interest rate?
Two siblings who are flat out not saving for retirement and possibly never will. Anyone have any experience with this?
Moving out with a buddy of mine, what are some things I should be prepared for financially?
Mid-career, salaried employees: What do you consider growth in your career?serious replies only
How long will it take to build credit using a credit card?
Taking money out of a fairly high risk investment 17 old will be 18. Should I wait till it comes out of its current slump?
Recently married and my wife and I are looking to buy a house. Is this a good idea?
Plausible Plan or a Fool's Dream?
Quit working at Aflac a year ago, just kidding apparently I didn't? Now they want money.
How can you finance studying a full degree abroad, without being eligible for student loans and without the possibility to work in that country?
Help! My parents had a trash bag full of old financial documents stolen. What kinds of stuff can we do to protect ourselves?
I don't want to own a house, it sounds like a tremendous money pit to me, but all my older coworkers look at me like I'm crazy when I say so.... AM I crazy?
Should I withdraw funds from my newly discovered IRA to pay off my debt?
Best place to get a personal loan with no credit?
Roth IRA with my bank or another provider?
Should I pay my credit card bills in advance, or when I get my statement?
Any r/PFers into fashion as hobby?
What's the best way to grow 3-4 years of savings if you need to withdraw it at the end of the term?
How should I buy my used car? And getting finances in order, in general.
turnaround time for credit disputes?
Is moving into a house with some roomates a terrible idea?
How does giving money to charity help to reduce the amount of money that wealthy people pay in tax?
I currently have a loan of 12k for a postgrad but now seriously doubting my chances of getting a job once my postgrad finishes. What is the likelihood of getting approved for another loan after this year to start another degree that will lead to a job?
Student loans?
Amazon auto-took my money. What do I do?
Paying off a Paypal account. Late on the payment. Kill it off all at once or wait until my next paycheck to have some wiggle room?
I'm finally moving out, any tips? (repost)
Should be diversifying my 401(k)? Any guidance is appreciated
How do I know if I have any outstanding debts?
$1600 left in student loans. I have liquid cash in some savings accounts. Should I just bulk pay off the last bit, or piecemeal it?
Is a balance transfer Credit Card a good idea in my situtation?
P2P lending, is it worth it and/or safe?
If both of my parents were to pass away tomorrow, what should I do next?
Asking for promotion?
DIVORCED MOM WITH SON SHOULD SHE SELL HER HOUSE TO RENT WITH MY LONG TERM BOYFRIEND?
I want to build a greenhouse on my property, what kind of loan should I consider?
Did Sallie Mae (Navient) Skip A Month?
Should I buy a townhome or rent an apartment?
What's the best thing to do with my savings?
How should I allocate my mothers money?
Twins means 3 in daycare. Newbie here feels stuck at step 0 - YNAB vs Mint? Something else? Do we save less for retirement now?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a line of credit to pay off the remaining balance of a truck finance through Toyota?
Will I have trouble obtaining a mortgage?
Have I bitten off more than I can chew?
Buy long term house? Investment Prop? Debt?
Government is taking over 34% of paycheck?
How to sell 1/2 interest in a property?
Does switching credit cards (within the same company) affect the age of your credit line?
(30F) No degree or certifications, $78k salary. Am I crazy to go back to school and start over in a new industry?
Is it better to keep savings in Money Market Fund or in a regular savings account?
A feature to put small amounts of money away daily?
Recently married. What should I know about opening a joint bank account with my wife?
Small amount of student loan debt, do I let it ride or knock it out ASAP?
Am I over diversified? Target retirement is 20 years from now. Goal as you can see from my portfolio is to mostly follow the market as a whole but putting a strong emphasis in technology.
What do I need to know about becoming a landlord in a small town?
I have 20k sitting in savings getting me nothing. Where can i put it for the next 5 years?
Random call from Fidelity about my 401(k)? Has
Expecting 2nd baby Mar 2015- should I start the baby steps now or hoard $$$ until baby is here?
Is refinancing my student loans a no-brainer?
What to do when your employer messes with hours paid (Missouri)?
401k question: High cost International stocks still worth it for a 3-fund portfolio?
going back to school in 2 yrs, best place to put savings?
Signing bonus large enough to cover 75% of my student debt just came in. How should I proceed?
is a website (digital good) considered property for charitable donations?
What is a good credit card to build points/rewards?
How to choose when to buy a house or continue renting?
Put 10% of your take home salary into an IRA/401k, and you'll have plenty of money to retire. Is this true?
Just found out boss labelled me a 1099 when I thought I was supposed to be a W2. What does this mean?
Just starting heavy 401k contributions trying to catch up, is it smart to contribute 60% into Roth, 40% into Trad?
I pay a ParentPLUS loan that is not in my name, and my parents refuse to do anything to lower the monthly payment. What are my options?
Can I get out of having to pay a terrible therapist?
23. I want to buy a house as soon as I'm able. Am I on the right track?
Checked credit report and found an old Firestone credit card that I opened in 2011 and haven't used since... should I close it?
When would my car insurance rates increase?
Help! Found out my little cousin's college fund was invested in annuities by a "financial advisor." What can they do?
(CA) What is the best credit card for me to get to build credit?
I have a small 401K (&lt;$5,000) going at my current job. I'll be leaving to go back to school next semester. What to do?
Should I take a 401k loan (self-employed 401k) for a down payment on a home?
(Semi x-post from legaladvice) Parents have controlled my money all my life, I have no experience with banking and desperately need to get away from them/start fresh. Halp?
To claim a deduction or not? 23 YO, single male, no kids
I have a credit card with a limit of $500 that I usually max out every billing cycle, but is paid off in full when I'm billed. Up until a few days ago I thought I was paying it off before the billing cycle ended, but turns out I wasn't - but it's still being paid off. Will this negatively affect me?
What are some options when you've been saddled with $30k in healthcare debt?
Assuming continued employment, is there any reason NOT to utilize an employer's FSA?
Could I be saving more by paying less in taxes?
How long should it take to get a 401k rolled over into a Roth IRA?
Questions about fraud (UK)?
[NOOB] I recently got a copy of my credit report and I have a debt of ~$300 for an emergency room visit that never even happened. How do I remove this debt?
Where to keep liquid cash?
Received a letter from debt collector in response to my "pay for delete" request. Take a look?
College or Art?
Credit Card, do i really need one?
What kind of taxes might I have to pay on a bank account bonus? 1099-IRT
What software do you use for PF?
ESPP Stock Plan 15%, how much can I make?
Consolidating on Student Loans?
Why am I now getting at least one pre-approved credit card offer a day?
$1750 to play catch-up on IRA for year -- invest in IRA, or use elsewhere?
Today I fully funded my Roth IRA for the year for the first time in several years, wondering what is my best option for investing my contribution?
Finance radio show topic ideas?
Barclay Card or Discoverit Card for Refurbished Apple Purchase?
Paying unreasonable amount in Fed Taxes and FICA?
Highest Interest vs. Largest Principal?
Can you ever come out ahead on 401k loan?
Just starting 401k. What to do?
19M - Saving for my future (CA)?
18 year old m starting university. Savings?
Last minute tax filing question...can anyone please help me out?
How do I decide between investing in the TSP as a federal employee or Vanguard mutual index funds?
Dealer is offering to beat my 2.9% Credit Union auto loan by giving me 1.9% and $1000 off rebate. What should I watch out for?
Should I pay my rent or my car loan?
Risk Losing Unemployment to Extend Working? [IL]
When would be a good time to enter the current market?
I'm about $4000 in debt. What are my options?
20 Y/O, Male, How Do I Improve Credit Rating?
Keep putting money in Roth TSP or use that money and pay off car earlier?
(CA) my back is forcing my accounts closed, one is a heloc which costs $260 plus legal fees to close so they're only suspending it. Do I have to pay closure fees to get my house back?
Received 10k as a wedding gift for a down payment on a house. How should I invest it before I buy?
Soon to be first time home owners, advice on paying off a mortgage early?
Graduated in May, student loan grace period ending soon, hoping to go back to school next fall. Wanting to boost my savings while I can, too. What payment plan do I select?
I can't time the market, but is there at least a way to have a broad idea of when to buy?
What is your portfolio re-balancing "strategy"?
What do you do with lines of credit at stores you [probably] won't shop at again?
Should I be investing for income now?
5.5k sitting in a Roth IRA in Fidelity, what should I do with it?
Getting screwed by an Amazon re-seller, what is my best course of action?
New Car, Finance or Buy Outright using emergency savings?
Minimal debt in an expensive city or more debt in a cheap city?
First time buying a house in NJ, what are the steps?
$940 in the gutter due to fraud and my own negligence. How do I get my money back? Can I get my money back?
Buying vs Leasing? (CA)
Where/how do I find a financial adviser to help with student loan repayment plan?
What is Prime + APR? Trying to understand credit card.
Putting down payment onto credit card. good or bad?
What do you consider as "savings"?
Paying off credit card bill before closing date?
Start a company and start earning straight away or spend that money to maybe create something much bigger? (HK)
Can someone explain short vs long term taxing on stocks?
Father wants to take out a home equity loan to pay off CC debt. Is this a smart solution?
Should I purchase Savings Bonds? Specifically Canadian Premium Bonds
How to dispute debt with company that is no longer in business?
I'm 29 years old and make $52K a year without a degree. Would it be worth getting a degree?
How should I prioritize a 2nd emergency fund for a rental property be and how large should it be?
Trust will eventually dissolve. How to care for disabled sibling?
Just received a collection notice for something that used to be on one of my credit reports but is not on there now. What's going on?
I am 17 and decided not to live at home but still in full time education, can I get any income support? (UK)
"Inactive" Roth IRA with $3.6K... should I take out the money and put towards debt?
Piece rate paid as a "Bonus"??
how much money do you need to start investing?
Can someone explain (in very simple terms) what a backdoor Roth is, who it would benefit and why?
Who should I bank with?
Just found out I have a fraud alert on my SSN? How do I check why?
Should I max out my IRA or pay off my loan?
Any tips for becoming self-employed?
Should I do some investing?
Vehicle near repossession, will this effect me?
FHA loan or conventional loan?
Am I not understanding APR correctly?
22 y/o, $27k student loan, mortgage AND car payment possible? (kinda long)
How much will my 2nd job influence next year's tax return?
Cosign fiancee's mortgage? 29 y/o, $180k salary
Debt Snowball vs Debt Avalanche - Which is Better?
8% too much to pay on a personal loan?
Starting to invest - am I doing it right?
How do I get a CPA? What should I expect to pay?
Balance Transfer or Loan? (Venture and Freedom)
My first Credit Card? Thoughts?
[CA] Finance advice, plz?
How do you figure out your risk tolerance? How do you find the right balance?
18, living in Canada with my parents, going to school. Help me start life right?
Can someone help me make a budget? What are normal expenses I need to have a budget for?
Mom asked me to co-sign a brand new car lease - what options can I provide?
Allocation followup question to 'What is your portfolio re-balancing "strategy"?'
Expecting a $3,000 bonus this year, which student loan to throw it at for the most satisfaction?
Am I throwing my savings down the drain by moving to NYC?
Point credit on a mortgage?
Looking to move out - has anyone ever taken out a personal loan to pay for rent?
Standard 401(k) contribution deadline?
Charged a distribution fee to rollover 401k?
Thinking about selling gold jewelry. No clue what I'm doing. HELP?
My mom is dying soon, what do we need to do financially?
Rich people of reddit! How did you exactly become rich?
Too late for my brother and sister to inherit their shares?
Uni Student, hoping to move state. Is it a possibility?
My mom is really pushing for me to get non owners insurance. Is this really necessary?
Vanguard DIY portfolio or Wealthfront?
Spreadsheet Format for splitting utilities?
In the event of your death, what happens with credit card debts and other financial obligations?
Can someone help in registration process?
Online banking: Simple vs. Ally? Or others, for that matter?
[Random Question] Should I pay my first credit card bill now, or wait a couple days before the payment date?
What is the best savings vehicle for a purchase 3 to 5 years in the future?
Opportunity to reduce my car debt?
How often should I contribute to Traditional IRA?
First 'Real' Credit Card. What should I know?
Friend has 29 years of credit history... she is 29 years old, how do I help her fix it?
Check my math - refinance to get rid of PMI, should I include a debt consolidation loan?
401k early withdraw/lifes just shit on me &amp; I have no clue what to do-help?
My father gave me 14 years worth of his bad investment, how can I make his small amount gained into a serious investment?
Renovate basement in cash or take a loan?
How much of a scam are solicitations to get out of Credit Card debt?
(US) Tax implications of opening a joint bank account with spouse (citizen + green card holder)?
Opened a line of credit for furniture, ended up returning upon delivery and owe nothing - will canceling the contract negatively affect my credit?
New to the US - where to start for my future and being debt free?!
upside down on a car that died, best options?
Good idea to drop 15k at once on my student loan?
Renting out a room?
I know PMI is bad, but how bad?
To rollover or not to rollover?
Financial plan of attack: should I re-prioritize?
Received an invitation to apply for an Amex green card. Should I or should I not?
Am I screwing myself for not purchasing property?
Credit check when opening a checking account?
Thinking about getting into the stock market a bit. Any thoughts?
$3000 school loan with $950 finance charge. Ripoff?
How does one determine how much house they can afford?
How to deal with a skeezy credit card?
Why do I need a savings account? Should I buy short-term bond funds instead?
Will this ruin any chance of a stable future?
Why do funds keep cash in the portfolio? Doesn't this come with a huge opportunity cost?
Just found a check, is it still good?
Any reason to hold onto old installment student loans account for credit score bump or pay off all at once?
Permanent Life Insurance: Are the tax advantages as good as they seem? Does it have a place in our portfolios?
Saving for a new car, online savings or other investment options?
Sell stock to re-finance mortgage?
Can my boyfriends ex wife get money back for claiming their daughter on taxes?
Should I convert some of the bonds in my retirement fund to stocks due to the stock market dip?
What do you think of my after college budget? Help and insight would be greatly appreciated.
My father died unexpectedly 2 weeks ago, what do I do about our finances?
Getting $10k and have two options of how to spend it. Which is better?
Couldn't find anything in the FAQ, but I want to start a 529 or something similar or better for my kids next year. Where should I start looking and do you all have any recommendations for me?
Health Bill reassessed....Do I still owe?
Pre-Approval: Which bank is the best?
Planning for a strong future?
How do IRA's work?
Should I take this refinance offer?
Getting married soon, rent first or buy a "starter" home?
Have Down Payment for House, but Won't be Buying for Two Years. Invest?
What do you do when the cards are stacked against you?
18yo Is it worth putting money in a bank account?
Save for a new car or build credit?
Free sites/tools with amortization tables?
How does debt consolidation work?
What are your thoughts on, generally, the types of expenditures that should be paid from an emergency fund?
How do you determine on what to splurge on?How to not waste?
Wife has quit her job to focus on family and we just closed escrow on a new home. How do I adjust my tax paperwork to keep more of my paycheck with these two big changes?
Should I refinance my mortgage?
Thinking about buying some Vangaurd ETFs. Advice?
How to start paying my loan debt?
Want to finance a brand new vehicle ($33,000), good credit, no debt. How do?
Pay off car from small retirement account?
Hospital bill went to collections. Advice please?
What would you do if you are 100% debt free and just won $90,000?
What is your opinion on the Vanguard Life Strategy Income Fund? Details about my investing preferences below. xpost from /r/investing
How to manage new income best?
Girlfriends Car is doomed, needs a new one but can't afford it. Any Advice?
Chase Sapphire Preferred vs Barclaycard Arrival Plus?
Programs for low income mothers?
Car Repo owe $5k what do I do?
I graduated in debt. What the hell do I do now?
When does it truly make sense to be long-term care insurance for parents?
I currently don't have a 401k. I I got a job tomorrow that did have one, would I be able to max it out for the year immediately?
I've only had one credit card for the last 15 years, would signing up for two more at once significantly affect my credit score or should I wait a while between getting the two?
Help with 401K - What am I doing wrong?
Considering civil Engineering Grad School, What should I know about paying, and financing, and when is the best time?
Crazy for not telling my wife I got a raise?
Inheriting car in March. Should I sell or keep?
California Living Costs??
How long does it take for a citibank check go through when you deposit at an ATM? Is it better to do it at the bank?
I was curious how repudiated Walmart or Ria money transfers are?
I was curious about the reputation of Walmart and RIA money transfer service?
Best way to get a small loan relatively quickly?
How much should insurance on a lease for a 19 yr old male be?
As an American, what are some ways I can minimize my college debt and still get my desired degree?
Just got married - do I need to tell GEICO?
does "daily periodic rate" means i'll have to pay interest even if i pay the full amount at the end of every month?
What can I possibly do?
Why is everyone here so anti bitcoin?
Should I invest in United States Dollars?
Is my Roth IRA diversified/allocated appropriately?
If I pay roughly twice my student loan payment, when will I have the whole thing paid off?
Received my semiannual report from a 401K with a previous employer that I never transferred, but it looks like they are still contributing to my account even though I haven't worked there for a year?
Moving and selling my house, but I will only be in a new city for ~2 years. I'm unsure whether to rent or buy due to capital gains taxing. Any work arounds?
Can my employer lower my pay without telling me?
Friend has $20k in student loans and bought a $35k truck - both at low interest. Should he pay it off ASAP?
Thrift Savings Plan -need advice. Leave money in or roll over?
I have had two car insurance policy's simultaneously for the past few months. What can I do?
Might be receiving $125K from parents' divorce mediation. What's my best plan of action?
How much $$ do you keep in your main account?
How can I give/lend someone money without them knowing who it's from?
Credit score is 715. I need $1000 in which I plan to pay back within 3 weeks. What is the best source for said loan?
Should I get the T-mobile simple starter plan or simple choice plan? 19 year old college student
How often do you check your accounts?
If a collection company says they can't pay for delete is that true?
3.5yr AutoCAD and Material Estimator. Is my current salary severely underpaid?
I thought my credit score would increase, yet it's steadily decreased.... why?!
How concerned with saving should I be over the next couple months?
18 year old looking for first credit card, any tips?
How can I get a home mortgage if I have a lot of cash but no job?
Does anyone know how benefits for survivors of federal employee works for college students?
Fidelity indexed funds: which ones are good and what resources I can use to educate myself?
Should I pay off as much as I can on a credit card bill vs just paying the minimum?
Checked my creditkarma and saw a collections notice, what should be my next steps?
How did you deal with financial stress in your 20s?
My savings account just had someone else's tax levy taken out of it. What can I do?
12 months ago I inherited $20k. What can I do with this money to help my financial future?
Jewelry purchase identity theft?
Is this the best plan for my student loans and retirement?
Is there any problem with taking advantage of one of those card offers for 0% APR?
UK student loans for EU residents - can someone explain the system behind them? Are there any cons?
Should I start paying off student loans while still in college?
What are your periodic daily pleasures?
23, credit score of 486, a lot of collection bills. What do I do? (US)
Staying invested or paying off debts?
19, employed with 401k, anything I should know?
How can I save for retirement or even consider that a possibility?
Advice on how to save in college?
Advice on investing young? College student, decent savings, impending [but not massive] student loans. Invest or save?
I need 20,000 dollars (U.S.) by December. I have 60% Equity in my house, so I need to borrow against it, I'm assuming (?) What is this called?
Should I work on paying off my credit line or saving up for expenses when I'm student teaching?
Added to a mortgage as a kid, now I have trouble verifying my identity for credit checking. Is there anything I can do?
What happens to your savings when you die?
Starting Up Advice?
My government loan only covered some of my fees for my student loans, I need to get money now, what do I do?
Do index funds invest in companies that produce land mines and other morally-dubious products?
Refinance my Mortgage?
Can bankruptcy discharge the remainder of a bail bonds premium after a criminal case is resolved and the remaining balance is thousands of dollars?
Getting married for financial aid?
Quickest way to save for building a house?
Looking to Pay Off Student Loans More Quickly: Opinions on Companies Like SoFi?
401k vs Roth IRA - Taxed later vs taxed now - But what's the best way to determine how I should diversify?
Canadian student, no expenses for next 6 years. Suggestions to save?
What's my next step?
My auto loan seemingly disappeared from my credit history?
Confused, Should I open an IRA first or my company saver plan?
Should I buy a house for 10% off even without 20% down?
(Canada) Unpaid gym membership, will this be a problem?
30, debt free, whats the next step?
Just finished paying off $72,000 of student loans. What's next? (28yo American living abroad)
I just bought a house with my best friend. I will be placing him on the deed as half owner. However, I am the only one on the loan, being solely responsible for paying the debt back. How do I write a personal contract between my friend and I?
I'm in my 20s, have a stable job, have $20k in savings and want to buy a new car, should I do it?
My Dad just disowned me. What things do I need to pay for?
Managed to lose my wallet and credit card abroad. Is there any way to withdraw money from my bank account?
Should I invest a study loan into ETFs, given that I have enough savings to pay off the debt?
Rookie tax question: Want to revise my 2013 filing to account for new 1098-E forms. What do?
Selling stocks to purchase house - best course of action?
About to tell my wife it's time for a divorce. What's the wisest thing to work towards as an agreement on what to do with this 40k underwater house?
Dad is broke and has dementia. What options are there for him to get long term care?
Car Got Repossessed and the Bank wants what's left- what options do I have?
Use student loan to pay of CC debt?
Can someone explain like I'm 5 the TSP/FERS system?
Mortgage Refinance: Are cheaper online loans trustworthy?
What are good learning resources for requesting a raise?
Is another year of grad school worth the extra pay?
Good mobile bank for students?
Entered wrong annual amount made on credit app, came back denied. Anything I can do?
When to transfer to another university?
What should I do with a furniture store credit card after paying it off?
Summer internship requires relocation - how should I prepare?
Income heavily dependent upon sales commission. How can I best save/invest for the future?
Can you live off of one million dollars?
Paid-off car needs another $3k repair after $2.3k repair earlier this year. Fix or get new (used) vehicle?
Does a car lease make sense for me? Planning on living in current location for about 3 years.
Is your credit score affected by the amount of credit available?
I am looking to start saving for house down payment. Should I put the money in a savings account or in an investment account?
Winter is Coming - What are your Frugal Tips for Staying Warm?
About $150k in school loans. Good credit, paying about $1000/month currently. 25 year repayment term. What can I do?
I'm 25, i'm not sure how much I should be saving each year for retirement?
With Oil Prices being so low, is it worth long term to put aside paying of debt (credit cards + student loans) to invest in Oil and Gas?
Am I being underpaid?
Insurance options after being in a car crash?
How much should I be making to be able to move out?
Paying Off Bill Collector To Help With New Auto Loan?
Denied from Discover IT Student Card. What now?
Should I sell my actively traded mutual funds to buy index funds?
Am I wrong to think I could get by making $8.50/hr?
Going to be renting a room from some friends. How do I make sure paying my rent on time will get reported to help with my credit score?
New job with no 401k... Investment tips?
A credit card just to pay for things like Netflix or a gym membership?
Can we talk about the misconceptions people have when choosing a Roth over a Traditional IRA?
[Illinois] Is bankruptcy a foregone conclusion after a foreclosure?
right way to use a credit card?
How do medical bills affect your credit? How (or possibly why) are they different?
17 years old, Just learned home may be in foreclosure. What are my options?
What is my next step?
In-laws want to give us $300k: thoughts on taking large amounts of money from family?
Gt rid of college debt asap?
Should I count my pension contributions towards my net worth?
Advice needed for 401K Rollover with Stock. What is NUA and how does it work?
What would be the smartest thing to do with the huge amount of money my dad is giving me? I'm in my early 20s, don't have any debt, am used to living on a small (for Manhattan) budget, and had no idea/plans contingent on ever receiving this kind of money.
Do mutual funds tax loss harvest?
UPDATE: Don't know what to do. Might withdraw from school and move back into my abusive parents' house because depression is taking hold. $130k in debt and payments on loans would be $1000 once I leave, and withdrawing would make me ow $40k immediately. What do I do?
Apply PAN card? (India)
What is a realistic financial situation for someone early in their career?
What to do with 401k when quitting job to travel?
Contribute to a Roth and Traditional 401k at the same time?
Advice on Saving money. Am I saving enough?
My friend wants me to be his trustee. Is there anything I need to know?
Car Finance Question - This seems obvious but am I wrong? (AU)
Are Investor Exhibitions worth the money?
Is "cancer insurance" a smart purchase?
Skills/hobbies that can generate income in semi-retirement?
UK guarantor mortgages?
What are your thoughts on the new Acorn app?
We got whole life insurance as investment vehicles for our kids -- good or bad idea?
How can I make a small investment in stocks?
How much to put in American Funds 401(k)?
Can my girlfriend qualify for medicaid if she is living with my mom and me?
Credit card debt was sent to collections... Best way to handle it?
True cost of HSA for young adult - What's my worst case scenario?
Tax break for adult child financially supporting a parent?
Student loans on deferment and heading into a graduate program. Is it wise to work to pay them off now?
I don't budget things and never balance my checkbook. Why do people keep bothering me about this?
Best retirement strategy?
Does anyone have experience with Publix Supermarket's SMART 401k Plan?
Should I pay off this loan before moving out?
If I don't pay off my balance in full on a 0% credit card, will it hurt my credit score?
Best advice to give students?
I want to have $1.2 Million USD available to me for retirement in 30 years. How can I accomplish this?
About to start career, looking for basic financial advice. What should I be thinking about?
I got double-charged at the gas station. What can I do?
Should I go without an emergency fund or take out more loans?
How do I tackle debt and new income? (CA)
People who retired with Roth savings, how did it work out for you?
Some advice on student loans?
What are some good ways to get into a lower tax bracket when you've had additional income that isn't a normal occurrence that year?
What to do when actively managed plans are the only option?
What is the % difference in paycheck earnings between tax withholdings 0 or 1?
Getting a car? Advice for recent grad.
Living in area for 2-5 years. Should I consider buying instead of renting?
College student, looking to help people plan for retirement but it seems all people-based finance jobs revolve around selling products. Advice?
Notional Salary?
What can you do about old medical debts?
X-post from Mortages: Can you help me build a knowledge base about what goes into a mortgage refi? I.e., the math, the particularities behind a basic refi vs. FHA streamline, etc.
Dividends, or index funds for growth?
I have a mix of 11 sub/unsub student loans through Navient, my grace period ends next month. How will this process work, its seems like each loan has its own due date?
Help choosing a health insurance plan: what is a Health Savings Account?
Finishing community college, what choices have you made in your teenage years that you would pass on or advise someone to avoid making?
Does it still make sense for young people today to own bonds in a retirement account?
When to cash out savings bonds?
What's the best way to manage my emergency fund?
Supporting 3 kids on single income. Just paid off auto loan, no other debt besides mortgage. Next steps?
I'm thinking about trading in a car I bought about a year ago, am I crazy?
When will this fall off my credit?
About to propose to my girlfriend of 6 years. What steps should I take to become financially independent?
Any reason not to become a Partner in a small company?
Life insurance for me?
I made myself a monthly budget, but it feels as though I'm missing something. Anybody have any ideas?
Personal finance information given over the phone to a relative, is that legal?
What is a reasonable "sales charge?"
Divorce: Why is a QDRO so complicated? QDRO tips? Horror stories?
Private seller wants item back as has been offered more money elsewhere. Legal standing?
How can I get a new roof and chimney if I have no money for another monthly payment?
For FAFSA filed forms, do you keep them after graduating? What important documents do you keep? Statements? College Bills?
If I pay for a work expense (vehicle repairs) on a rewards card, then pay it off when i get reimbursed do I still get the points?
I'm Pregnant. Should We Get Married for Financial Reasons?
How do pre-IPO options work as part of the job offer from a startup company? How is the value calculated? I am offered 20,000 options valued at $1.1million. What does this mean?
Mentally, how do you deal/cope with a string of unexpected high spending?
Opening a Secured LOC backed by Condo paid off with loan? (CA)
We just received a bill from social security stating that my fiancee owes $25,000 in overpayments that his ex wife has collected over the past year. How do we fight this?
Which 529 plan did you choose and why?
Is there any benefit to Capital One Quicksilver over Citi Double Cash?
First Time Making a Budget.. How'd I Do?
US citizen recently moved to Canada. What to do with my Roth IRA and current credit card debt?
8 months of 0% APR on credit card. Should I buy a new laptop with it?
How do I prevent my mother in law from ruining her life and dragging us into debt?
22 making 40k a year Should I move out?
For those of you NOT living rent free, what is the lowest you've gotten your monthly expenses?
I owe $4200 in cc debt. I am on SSI and seeking pt work, should I sell the car for $2200 and ride the bus?
I wrote software to help with my work. My company wants me to give it to every department, should I ask for a raise?
Minimum monthly payment on credit card is $0 after paying more than the minimum last month?
Can I fix my credit faster after paying off my collections debt?
I'm sitting in the 28% tax bracket. I don't know if I'd be in a higher tax bracket at retirement. Should I stick with Roth, or move to traditional?
Why not just invest in DJIA and leave it at that?
23m 401k + Roth IRA contributions?
[NOR] Is getting a loan for buying a small business worth it?
What constitutes an emergency?
US Citizen living/working abroad - Opening Vanguard Brokerage account for ETFs? (DE)
I am now investing via Acorns, a micro-investing app. What are the risks and is there a better option?
Better use of Savings and Income for my Family?
Do those "How much house can I afford?" calculators that are available online actually give an accurate prediction of what you can afford?
How to evaluate a community budget?
Thoughts on robo-advisers?
should I keep this credit card open?
Is the 17.5K limit for 401Ks per person or per household?
Best way to get a list of all debt?
SBA small business financing: which option would you take?
How to minimize tax liability/maximize investments? New child born this year. Tax planning for 2015.
Should I pay off my car or refinance it?
My employer seems excessively slow with getting paycheck deductions into my 401k. Are they doing something sketchy or lazy? Or is this standard?
My dad died and left my mother with a little money. Pay on the house or pay off the car?
Just sold my house, how to divide proceeds? (45k)
How can your credit build off payments to landlord?
Can you bankrupt out of the Income Based Repayment tax bomb and still keep your 401k, IRA, 529, etc... money?
What is the current value of a college tuition benefit?
Paying ~$140 on my new mortgage every month. Put it toward principal or escrow?
Fidelity Newb: Automated contribution to Roth IRA?
What is a reasonable cost per meal per person?
Should I pay off my student loans right now or invest my $20,000?
Is there anything I can do right now, as a medical student living 100% off loans, to put myself in a better financial position for the future?
My wife thinks that her mother has put stuff in her name when she was younger. What can she do?
Buy a third vehicle for towing and keep two commuter vehicles. Or trade in one vehicle for a vehicle that can tow with semi-decent gas mileage?
How does little credit history affect getting a credit card?
To use one ETF or multiple? Your thoughts
Do I have to pay back relocation benefits if I quit, but not if I get fired? Why not willingly get fired?
Are interest bearing checking accounts worth it?
What is an easy to use budgeting site/app/tool?
Should I list my girlfriend as dependent?
Are "separate funds" / "segregated funds" available in the U.K., Australia and New Zealand? If yes, what are they called?
How to Liquidate Prepaid Gift Cards?
$10k tuition, old debt in CA. Can they collect after 5 years?
What is a reasonable response to my landlords unprofessional behavior of not returning my deposit now in another state?
Pay off credit card or student loan interest before it capitalizes?
Quit job, now self-employed. Should I move 401k to Roth or traditional IRA?
Identity verification questions asked me about where I opened my car loan and mortgage... that I don't have?
I have a ~$800 mechanics bill to pay. Should I borrow from myself to pay it, or slap it on the credit card?
When to buy a car?
Rollover Roth 401K, or just cash it out?
How do I become independent from my parents while finishing up college?
I received my settlement check from a personal injury case. What now? I am not sure where to begin financially with this money.
About to start my 401K. Employer just switched to TheStandard. Are these fees reasonable?
What would be a good prepaid debit card ?
Should I take out a 401K loan for portion of a house down payment?
How do you decide how much to put as a down payment on a house?
How to create a budget in college?
Paying down a 0% car loan faster. How does this affect monthly debt obligations a lender would see?
What are your must read books/articles/etc. for first time home buyers?
What is your opinion of insurance? Life, Critical Illness etc. Is this something you feel is important?
Need help! Is my refinancing decision reasonable?
What are my options against a student loan provider who now says I owe on an account that was paid off years ago?
How do you account for pension, annuity, or social security income when calculating your stocks vs bonds asset allocation?
Filing US taxes from abroad? (CA)
Refi consolidated student loans?
Need advice, would you take out a 401K loan to put toward house down payment?
Survivor Benefit Buyout?
Wife and I starting a business, is quickbooks the best answer?
I have zero dollars and just got a job. How can I last three weeks until my first paycheck?
Never used credit card - bad idea to cancel?
Able to claim disabled sibling who has been living with us this year?
Is it necessary to keep receipts when using HSA debit card?
How to get alerts from BoA on your mobile?
Will there ever come a time where inflation will be so high that that the value of any dollar becomes useless?
Suddenly, children! How to financially manage temporary (possibly long term?) custody situation
Am I over-paying for health insurance? (21/f/IL)
What are some ways to save $10,000 that would keep up with inflation, but not involve financial institutions of any kind?
Has anyone here just up and quit their job?
Do Social Security Taxes Encourage "Extreme" Roth v Traditional Allocations?
Private Disability Insurance?
What's a reasonable monthly car payment for me?
Do you have a car payment? How much is it per month?
How long should I wait to get a morgage? (inhereted downpayment, landed great job about 3 months ago)
Bought then sold. how will it affect my CR?
how can i invest with small amounts????
I would like to start a women's shoe business selling high heels.. where could I start?
Should I let Chase Bank close my credit card account for inactivity?
I received a preapproved $3,000 Scotiabank SCENE Visa card in the mail, what should I do?
Active people who try to gain weight on a budget?
For those who save money, how did you become a saver?
How do I find out the cost of living at a place I've never been before?
Is my boss required to give me a 401k if he has an individual 401k?
How could my parent's address appear on my credit report if I live alone?
Secured credit card suggestions???
Where can I find the salary range for a position?
Review my budget? I need help!
Am I obligated to tell my employer that I own a small business?
SS8 needed?
Unpaid Wages - What paperwork do I need to gather to protect myself?
IRA that allows overseas income?
Debating dropping classes. What happens with student loans?
How much should I keep in my Emergency fund considering my assets?
How to tell my boss I am sick of listening to the same radio station every day?
Negative Tax Liability?
Advice for negotiating a pay-for-delete?
What should I do with my savings?
Taking out a loan to pay off credit cards?
How to help my wife's credit score [UK]?
Family's only car repossessed- What are our options?
What are my options for paying down my credit card?
Contract says I must pay back relocation benefits if I leave. But what if I get fired?
Pay off auto loan or reinvest stock gains?
Name is in Check Systems...How do I fix it?
My office is switching from Hancock to Price in November, but I'm due to receive a dividend in December. Do I have any leverage to stay w/ Hancock until 2015?
Buying a condo.. Can I afford it? What should I do?
How am I doing? Need advice as well. Details inside...
Probability of getting a personal loan?
Should we save for a 20% down payment?
Quitting my job. Do I have the right to my earned PTO?
Should I get a credit card for any reason?
Personal Finances in Japan?
Is USAA a good bank?
Am I stuck?
Is Discover Online Savings a good idea?
Employee stock plan lets me by for .95c on the dollar. is it worth it?
I have $10,000.00. How should I invest it?
Is there anyway to stop a person from taking out credit cards?
How to get cheaper insurance when comparing current quote vs quote made on incognito browser?
Series I saving bond gifted to me. Should I cash it?
Someone I don't trust might have my social security number. What should I do?
How do Private Student Loans work?
Remodeling Project: How to Pay for it?
Wife's I9 Form Stolen. Next Step?
Inherited house and mortgage. Should I 'refinance' to put the mortgage in my name?
Credit scores differing by nearly 200 points?!
What is the best full featured personal finance management software?
Is this a potentially good place for me to start investing?
Any downside to parents co-signing my auto loan?
How can I do better with my finance ? (Asking for guidance)
Are there any reasons it might be better to use a big bank (BB&amp;T, BOA, etc.) for savings/checking accounts than a credit union?
Complicated pay structure and I don't want to get screwed on taxes again...help?
Cousin is trying to sell me Arbonne protein shakes. I don't have a lot of money and I know Arbonne is a scam, but I still want to support her. What should I do?
When does Chase charge it's service fees?
Is anyone here familiar with the app Acorns?
What is this random fee on my 401k?
Any downside to getting a second mortgage quote?
Moving from the US to the Netherlands. How do I move my small savings account?
Hit the limit on deductible student loan interest-- can I claim the rest the next year?
How to get myself out of a short-term financial crunch?
How much do you let an employer's retirement plan/benefits affect your job offer decision?
Safest way to make out of state transaction???
Advice on the reality of buying a home?
Need Advice: Should I take a loan out against my retirement fund to pay off some high interest debt?
Why would an employer choose to pay biweekly as opposed to weekly?
I am about to have a child, and I have some disposable income with every paycheck. What should I do with that money to help her future?
If I received bonds when I was under 18, and my parents are listed as POD, now that I am of age, can I cash them on my own?
Need Advice: Live with parents and pocket BAH?
Bad (Horrible) Credit, need a vehicle, have a co-signer with Good/Great Credit.. best steps?
Did I make a mistake?
Tips for picking a local bank?
403b Age Discrimination?
best place to park ~$200K for 6-18 months?
What Do I Do With Extra Financial Aid?
Have excellent credit score. Wife has no credit history or score. Good time to buy a house?
How does Charles Schwab Bank come up with this?
Is this take home pay calculator accurate?
Ideas of transfer funds between two personal bank accounts?
Planning to refinance. Should I add enough to pay off a 401k loan and a car loan to the mortgage?
Can I Qualify for Student Loans With A Mortgage? Any advice?
Pension as lump sum or payments? Best for taxes
Good time to ask for a credit limit increase?
Interesting piece promoting the idea of student run credit unions. Thoughts?
What prevents you from saving your money?
How to separate different savings funds?
How should a 20 yo in college make his money work for him?
I just received a large severance/gift package because my company was acquired by another. Should I use the money to pay off student loan debt or buy real estate?
(Canada) TFSA Alternate advice?
Advice Please - Is my potential employer being unethical?
should I buy my first house in 2014 in my current finance?
Is this a worthwhile investment?
After finishing emergency fund, should I save for retirement, pay off student loans, or both?
Is it worth the time &amp; effort to cash in on promotional bank deals?
Do you need credit cards and a good credit card to live a good life?
Do you need credit cards and a good credit score to live a good life?
Friend lost 10% in last year with this portfolio Wells Fargo recommended. Is he being mislead?
What should a first time home buyer know before diving into the world of big debt and their first home?
My Before-Tax and Roth 401k combined contribution rate is maxed out at 10%. Is there any benefit to save money towards After-Tax contribution?
Cash or loan?
Should I pay down my student loan ASAP with this plan? Sanity check.
How much will auto insurance go up?
Good apps or other ways to plan out and track home-cooked food?
What are the best ways to explain an adverse credit history?
Trying to compare health insurance plans with/without an HSA? Here's a spreadsheet.
Those of you who went back to school for another undergraduate degree, how did it work out?
What do I do?
How to find low-interest introductory CC deals?
What do you do if you run out of money?
Debt Reduction Spreadsheet/Tool Available that Incorporates Intro B/T Rates?
Is it ever a good idea to withdraw early from a 401k?
Is trading in a used car for a slight upgrade worth it?
Should I File a Tax Return In the Future?
Getting credit cards just for the signup bonus: bad idea?
I can't seem to access my credit score, and I think it's because I've moved. How can I find out?
Retirement planning for dummies?
buying a 2nd car, whats better for my credit score?
For those who contribute the maximum amount to their 401k/tsp/whatever, how much money do you earn and how do you get by with close to $20k less?
Is it worth it to spend the extra money on high quality brands like Bosch or even Miele when it comes to purchasing major appliances?
What order should I go if I'm wanting to move states?
Which Fund to Select in my HDHP Account?
I have a chance to take a 1% Loan, should I take it to pay off other loans?
Sharing credit cards?
Are there any restrictions as to when one can submit a new W-4 (withholding) form?
Should I put everything on my credit card and pay it off right away to build credit? [Live in Canada]
Student Loan Interest - Refinance?
Did I just get these pants for free?
Did I just get these pants for free?
How accurate is this website?
Vrei sa ai o meserie banoasa ? Vrei sa lucrezi putin pentru bani multi? Vrei sa castigi lunar cam 600 euro ?
Small Business [100k+ gross] Not sure how to maximize my tax breaks or savings. Help?
Options for giving money to a baby?
How much do you actually win when you win the lottery?
Working on a budget spreadsheet, here are some categories I have. Suggestions? What did I miss?
Looking to get a new rewards credit card in Canada. Any suggestions on which banks and type offer the best?
Should I combine my 401ks?
Investing for young children. Where should i put 10k for each of my under 6 year old?
Need a Personal Credit Card for work expenses, any recommendations?
Is there anything to do when you lose all your RESP money because ''you waited too long''?
Anyone know of a good asset allocating tool?
Worth it to refi my home?
Mortgage from a family member, what to consider here?
Rebuilding credit after Ch. 7 BK. What do I do next?
Are there any negative ramifications of enrolling in Medicaid?
Pay off CC debt with savings or emergency fund?
I'm the beneficiary of a Trust. Can the money be invested before it is disbursed to me? If so, where is the best place to put it?
What's the best way to take a ~15k loan?
Part-time job interview advice?
Had to force ex-employer to pay me through the Department of Labor, however he wrote 1099 and sent me a personal check. I was a salaried W2 employee, how do I fight this?
What should I do with my house? Wall of text ahead...
Mortgage overpayments confusion. Advice?
Why is buying a house a good move?
ELI5: How do people pay bills, save for big purchases, save for emergencies, and still have spending money to use whenever? How can I do it too?
How safe is sending a cashiers check to a landlord?
Should I close WF Wealth Management Account?
Best way to start taking care of a personal loan and an eviction cost, and a defaulted credit card?
Who *actually* makes changes to someone's credit report, a collection agency or Equifax/TransUnion/Experian?
Dumb question: does an employer's 401k match count towards the $17500 cap on contributions?
Keep paying on upside-down vehicle, or trade it in for more fuel efficient car?
Bad to have high credit limit?
What to do with HSA funds when I close an account?
Should i contest my credit inquires?
Co-signing Home Loan with mother, good idea? (US)
Received Collections Notice, what do I do?
Does rolling aftertax 401(k) into a Roth IRA reset the 5-year clock?
Should I make student loan payments during grace period???
Alternatives to investment property for a young professional?
What are the pros and cons to paying off a car loan early?
Refinancing, how does it work?
Student loan in deferment. Should I still pay it over other debts that are collecting interest?
Does a "Financial Planning" Degree Sound Reasonable?
My company is selling off vehicles for half price. Could I "flip" one?
Buying a house - should we sell our car at a loss or ride it out?
What is the cheapest "car"?
Can I do a better job at investing?
What country could you retire the most luxuriously in, if you earned middle class income your entire life?
At what point can I (or should I) buy a house?
What do I Do?
Supporting an adult family member... any tax breaks?
Maxed out 401k at previous employer, starting new job with 401k match. Any way to get the match for 2014?
Recommended Reading to become Financially Literate?
Can't Afford a House? Don't Buy One (X-post from /urbanplanning)
Do pensions ever run out?
Why does one get taxed so much when working overtime or getting a bonus and is single?
Moving in with my girlfriend, are we doing things right? (UK)
Most efficient way(s) to slowly but surely improve credit?
Budget Advice?
Consolidate student loans or deal with paying 9 different student loans?
cashing out a 401k early?
Any better alternatives to mint?
Should I keep the "Jared Jeweler" credit card that I just paid off or close it?
Got a refund processed after statement date – what should I pay on my credit card?
New to budgeting and trying to be thrifty, does it get easier?
Is life insurance on an infant worth it?
Moving out to the country. Is a manufactured home a horrible idea?
Best method to build credit?
Could you please help me figure out how I could cut costs and increase my savings?
I feel like my girlfriend got ripped off on buying a car. What can I do to help her?
Selling Car to Pay Off Credit Cards? Good idea?
Statute of limitations is approaching on a debt in collections, what now?
How many credit cards should I have?
My car is paid off. What should I do about my insurance?
I feel like i'm doing ok, but what can I do better?
How can I transfer funds without any fees on either end?
How is my company's Roth 401k contribution taxed?
Grandparents need roof repair and have no money, best way to finance?
Steps on how/the correct way to purchase a car?
Health Insurance: Fresh out of college, with a new job. Should I enroll in my employers insurance plan, or can I stay under my parents family plan?
I moved across the state with my SO to rent out his mothers house as she was moving. Now she is letting the house go into foreclosure?
I think we already have enough for retirement. Should I still deduct money from my paycheck to pay into the NY State Teachers' Retirement System?
Is it worthwhile (building credit wise) to finance part of a vehicle?
Is there a credit card for medical bills?
Are all of these charges standard for a mortgage?
How to scrounge up an additional $10,500 a year?
Should I cancel my secured credit card if it is my oldest line of credit?
How much did you have saved the first time you moved out? How much do I realistically need?
How can we get to a point where we both own 50% of our apartment? (Norway)
Why do auto-loaners offer better APRs for new car vs used cars?
Ideal job but lower salary?
How much should I put into my 401k?
I have three 401(k) accounts from three different employers. Can I condense them into one without a fee?
Advice for student loans, how to get myself straight?
Something seems off about my mortgage. Can you look at these numbers?
Do 401k loan repayments factor into the back-end ratio?
Just married. I've been claiming single allowance on taxes. Should I change to married or something else?
What do i do?
Why is loan consolidation such a bad choice?
Got an internship in the LA area, how much money will be taken off of my paychecks?
$100k Private Student Loans in Collections...What can I do??
My car loan is preventing me from moving out, how do I get a handle on it?
Am I on the right track? Buying a car cash, and other financial questions.
We're moving to bi-weekly payouts, what are the pro's and con's of being paid bi-weekly opposed to monthly?
Wife wants to take out a loan to build credit. Is this a bad idea?
Transferring between my own checking accounts?
Just found out I've got ~8 months to become a grown up, financially. What should I start doing, now?
How do online banks work? I am looking to open an online savings account because of the higher interest rate offerings
Can a debt hurt my score without my SSN?
Resources/advice for someone who knows close to nothing about finance?
I created an llc 7 years ago and haven't done any bookkeeping or paid taxes in 6 years. What's my first step?
How can I move a significant amount of cash into a bank without raising any red-flags?
Just received fraudulent medical bill, what can I do?
As a new credit user, is it in my best interest to take out a small loan (&lt;$1000) to pay for a used car that I could otherwise completely pay with cash for?
Does paying off my balance on my credit card hurt or help?
Received a letter from the State Revenue Services. What should I do in my situation?
Should I put in the entire $5500 IRA contribution on Jan. 1?
Claiming exempt to get more out if employee stock discount?
[x-post] How do you budget when you have an irregular income?
Is $50,000 of student debt through private loans for an accelerated nursing program worthwhile?
What to do with Marriage savings?
I have a 5 year plan to pay off a $100,000 house. People tell me I'm nuts. Am I?
Is it harder to get a good deal when paying cash?
What's the best way to help my nephews pay for college?
I've just started working with a company that hires me as a contractor, so I'm technically self employed. I've been told I need to set up a UTR to be paid (and for tax reasons). However, in a week I might be offered a job where I'll be employed full time (salaried). Can I still be a sole-trader?(UK)
Is it dumb for a 25 y/o to invest in these for his job's 401k program? Got any tips?
How much to give for close relative's wedding gift?
Where do I stand? So many loans. So many, you guys. Oh, and a wedding. Cause I'm getting freaking married!
How can I lower my interest rate on my car?
What tax rate is deferred compensation taxed at to beneficiaries in the event of death?
Small student loan dragging credit score down. What can I do?
What are the negatives for claiming a parent on your tax return as a dependent?
$1000 left on closing costs, what to do?
Bank Mortgage, Credit Union, Broker, or Quicken Loans?
70K College Debt; What are my next moves?
About to lose my job. What do I do?
Accidentally claimed 3 personal allowances on W4 instead of 2, resulting in (most likely) paying too little in tax so far this year. Steps to take before the year is done?
Any good advice or info about selling a house yourself rather than going through a realtor?
I just paid $1 for my TransUnion credit score. Did I just sign up for monthly recurring payments for a subscription to that score, or was if a one time payment?
~$600 in 401k. Account is being Closed. What should I do?
Would refinancing my auto loan be worthwhile?
Next steps to take?
(CA) If I'm below a threshold do I have to report accurately? OSAP/NSLSC
Roth IRA Investment Options for Last Year of Being Able to Fully Contribute?
What are some decent sub-prime auto lenders? (X-post from r/finance)
Canadian studying in Japan, any government help?(CA/JP)
Just found 2x checks that are 4 years old. How do I tell my old employers?
New job is offering health insurance, being 23 is there any advantage to switching or should I stay on my parents?
HSA/HCSA - Employer Health Care Spending Account - Should I Invest?
My city is offering a Forgivable Loan for a substantial amount, it seems crazy good. Thoughts?
How important is it for me to get a credit card?
Any Good Advice on Dealing with a $4,325 Debt Dragon?
*Need serious help understanding Loans..Consolidation.. what is best for me?*
Recommendations for will making software?
What's the best way for a recent college grad to pay off student loans and save for a house?
old employer 401k with ADP, new with Vanguard. Combine or keep separate?
Very strange possible living arrangement, but win-win-win?
Neighbor's rent check got withdrawn from my account. How does this even happen and any advice to deal with it?
I received a Visa Gift/Prepaid card from work - $15K. How can I move this to savings? Is there a better use for these funds?
Any surprises coming for the 2014 US tax season?
Credit building with loans?
Can I claim myself as an independent my tax return and file for financial aid while living with my parents?
It's open enrollment time...to HSA or not HSA?
What do you think is the best physical thing to invest in?
What happens to my debts if I go to jail for a year? Can I file bankruptcy when I get out?
Moving to Europe - what do we do with our house?
Debt free - what comes next?
Early 20's making 55k savings of 30k parents forbidding me from moving out/being independent. Will living on my own be as impossible to save as they say? Or do they just not want me to move out for other reasons?
30m, Should my 401k include a fixed interest account?
How would you like to make your first $2,370 today?
You think your students loans are bad?
Can I write a check to myself?
Looking to buy first home, and I have no idea what I can realistically afford. Help please?
Can you retire on $1 million?
Should I refi out of FHA to remove PMI? Can I?
Already in a good spot, now what? (Expat - Middle East)
[Serious] 19, Injured knee, no money to have surgery. Can't get a job because of it and on top of it, My parents are kicking me out soon. What the hell are my options?
Should I be concerned about identity theft?
Just had my car repossessed, what can I do?
Are there any good financial apps (ios/android) for people that do index investing?
How much do you guys save starting from out of college before deciding to purchase a house?
Do I need to notify my auto insurance company of this accident?
Almost 23 and know next to nothing about the best ways to save money. Care to help me out?
Is it bad for my credit score to have a credit card that I rarely use?
Why do you "need" credit?
"You should carry a balance on your credit card." What is the history behind this misconception and why does it continue?
Wife's new job is starting her on a 401k. She already has a Roth. Should we just have both at the same time? One is with ML, the 401k is with Fidelity?
New to the US, new SSN, no credit: what are my credit card options?
Is my credit scored considered good for my age? Do I qualify for a car loan?
As a contract employee, how much do I set aside for taxes?
Is an FHA Loan a good, or even valid option for us?
Can I realistically run a car on £250/$400 a month considering my circumstances?
Is having a credit card a must?
Next step for student loans?
Is Stupid Saturday a thing? If so I need some help!
I am looking to learn how to use Microsoft excel to help track finances. Any suggestions on the best way to learn?
My parents are asking me to bring in money. I'm 14 years old. Any advice?
Should I use my emergency fund to pay off my uncaptalized student loan interest?
Does a CD Ladder beat out a single long term CD?
401(k) vesting: If I leave a company when company contributions are 50% vested, how is the other 50% removed?
High school senior, working part time. How do I pay for college?
How to get loan in the US as an international student? Process?
Can you get about employer removed off credit history?
Receiving 35k from an inheritance from the sale of a house. I'm in my 30s, not married, new 40k/yr job, but 30k in delinquent CC debt. What is the best approach to pay off my debt, but still save a bit of money? Also what is the tax situation?
Reddit bank rollers please tell me your opinion, should I take the risk?
Pension Buyout?
South korean trying to invest in us?
My boyfriend and I aren't very strict about keeping our finances separate. Is this incredibly stupid?
22yo working and attempting to come out of college debt free. Is there anything i should do with this extra money sitting around?
Soon to be graduating college student and wondering when is the earliest I should consider buying a house?
Should I cancel my credit cards which I don't use?
Question about a "CD" ?
Am I dumb, or just over-thinking these percentages?
Stay in gold fund or no?
Is it financially responsible to buy a hour or condo with no intent to live there longer than 5-8 years?
What takes precedent: paying off student loans or saving for retirement?
Is it a bad time to invest extra money in mutual funds?
Is it financially responsible to buy a house or condo if you don't plan on living in it for more than 5-8 years?
Contribute to non matching 401K plan as a contract employee?
Best credit card if I'm guaranteed money to pay it back?
Does $20K penalty-free from retirement funds to purchase new house mean both husband and wife must have retirement funds, or can one partner withdraw the $20K?
Put inheritance towards a better house now, or save it for later?
Stay at Home Mom with old 401k. What to do?
I have just inherited approximately $50k AUD(I live in Australia), I'm 22yo and debt free. What would you suggest is the the best way to turn that money in to as much as possible?
Trading a car I still owe a substantial amount on?
How to get started with HDHP and HSA?
Is it safe to accept a cashiers check from a buyer?
When should I hire expert help?
Owe 6k on car worth 6k and dropping fast. What do?
Paying into a Traditional IRA will lower my tax bracket. Hoping to take that money out of the IRA in a year or two to purchase points on a home mortgage. Too good to be true?
Software / apps / techniques for managing joint accounts?
Just got married and want to save for a down payment on a home. Anyone done this successfully?
How do I handle massive amounts of student debt? 100k+
Take home monthly pay is 3K split evenly between rent, savings, life. Should I rebalance?
Can someone explain severance pay?
First time poster. Budgeting and moving out help?
I currently have a Student Mastercard and never use it. Should i cancel it?
How much should I invest outside of retirement accounts if intending to retire very early?
Should I invest, pay off student loans debts asap, or save?
28 years old with a 6 week (followed by 4 weeks off) FIFO schedule. Any advice for saving money on a nomadic lifestyle?
I want to rollover my old 401k to my new company. How do I avoid over contributing at my new place?
Credit score took a hit after late payment, what can I do?
Should I Re-fi?
Might be quitting job tomorrow. Little personal savings because I was stuffing it in retirement. Health is fading because of job. Will I be ok?
Question about return - Did I gain and how much?
I have a loan on my car and want to sell it privately instead of trading it in. How do I go about getting my next vehicle in all of this?
I've just turned 18, what can I do to ensure a good financial future in terms of investment and student debt? (UK)
Best way to use a credit card to build credit?
Creating a legally separate account for my kid's money?
I filed an extension in April for my taxes and the October 15th deadline has passed. Where can I file at now?
Loan listed as late payment, but company would not accept payment during that time. What should I do?
Roth IRA Rollover Timing?
Wife has a bill from when she was a dependent that has gone to collections, is she or her parents responsible?
How to save for a house??
Making my first investments. How should I divide my monthly savings? 401(k) or Roth 401(k)?
21 - College senior - where to start?
Father-in-Law within weeks/days of dying; what do we need to do?
Can someone teach me how to calculate the interest on my student loans each month?
What is the best way to buy small amounts of stock?
What can a 16 year old do with $2000 dollars to make more money?
15 y/o with a job and $700 in my pocket. How should I start managing my money?
Buying a house: better to cash out portfolio and pay into downpayment, or to keep some diversified assets and pay less downpayment?
Is this a smart way to deal with Credit Cards? (US)
Student Loan Refinancing? (Credible.com)
ways to invest in marijuana?
Using 401k + stocks to pay off car loan?
Make payments during interest free period, or pay off asap?
25/M, $45K per year income, 0 debt, $70K downpayment. Should I buy in Toronto's crazy market?
Rules we should follow to live stress free?
I contributed to a 401k when I worked for Waldenbooks, part of Borders Group. How do I find it?
(CA) Should I be getting paid for the time I am scheduled and at work or just the time I am working? (x-post from /r/personalfinancecanada)
Saving accounts overseas (in case of communist dictatorship)? (BR)
What to do if my job doesn't offer 401k matching?
Credit Card switching? (CA)
Paying off small debts first or buying a fuel efficient vehicle? Help?
Refinanced a personal loan to cover credit card debt - did I do the right thing?
(AU) How do I save on minimal income?
Is a cell phone from a contract payment plan considered an unsecured debt?
College student in need of a car. $3000 to my name. Looking for job. What are my options?
Acorns app - opinions?
I'm 16, and self employed. Taxes?
I (18 years old) just moved out from my parents and started studying. How much should I put on my savings account each month?
Applying for new CC via company directly or promotional site?
Any downsides (short or longterm) to switching banks?
How to shop for an engagement ring??
Is $25/month for $500K term life insurance a good deal?
Can I use my son's 529 college fund to pay for Florida prepaid college plan without paying tax?
Phone appointment with TD Ameritrade accountant this evening. What questions should I ask?
I have around $200 dollars,how can I invest in any online ventures?
What should a college student do with extra money they have?
Which health plan should I choose?
I have some money in an old retirement account from a previous employer. Should I roll it over into a Roth IRA?
Cash in savings bonds to start Roth IRA or allow them to mature? (21 yrs, no debt/loans)
How Much Should I Put Down? (New House)
Does anyone here regret going to college as much as I do?
Should I move into a 1BR for $750 or a 2BR for $1000?
Doctor I've been seeing stopped taking my insurance and didn't tell me. What can I do?
Best or most practical type of savings account?
Can I receive a 1099?
Better to repair the paid-off vehicle or get a loan for a newer one?
27 and set to attend grad school in January...does the cost outweigh the investment?
Is getting a loan (FAFSA) for college worth it now?
How do I convince my gf to not buy a new car?
Has anyone used Metromile's pay-per-mile car insurance? How much do you actually save?
People that have racked up large amounts (20k+) of debt that wasn't in the form of a mortgage. What were the mistakes you made that sucked you in?
Plan for [20M] saving and getting apartment in 15-18 months?
Discretionary income: How do you spend yours?
Is there anyway to close my wife's bank account when my name isn't on it?
Put extra money in mortgage, savings or other?
Can I contribute to a 401k/457b after the new year?
Best Personal Finance Books for college students?
Which one is the wiser choice?
Sister in law moving in. If she helps with bills am I suddenly a land lord?
Just had our first baby, any advice for investing for college?
Should I 401k if I'm in bad health?
Mortgage Modification Options - What's likely to happen?
How much to spend on a wedding ring?
Hatching a plan to become a doctor - am I crazy?
One extra mortgage payment at the end of the year or one extra payment, broken down, payed out every month over the course of a year? Does it matter either way?
Is my Mother getting scammed?
Obtained a "Resale License" and never used it, do I have to file any taxes?
The court date for my divorce to be finalized is mid December. For tax reasons, is it better to wait until after the first of the year?
17, new job, senior in high school. What can I do to prepare for my financial future?
Employer offers optional 403(b) and 457 on top of standard retirement plan, which to pick?
(UK) - Is BUPA Health Insurance worth it for my family compared to good old' NHS?
Is it possible to prove for legal reasons (and earn credit) that I'm making monthly payments on a personal student loan from a family member?
I'm getting married in April and looking for advice as my head is spinning a bit thinking about the future. I make $97k/yr, max out my IRA ($5500), and put away about $1k/mo into emergency fund/down payment for a house. What else should I be considering to make a future with my fiancee?
Is it possible to "Start Fresh" in just 4 months?
Should I really feel better about renting?
Can capital losses in the stock market be used to offset taxes from ordinary income?
Should I go for the dream house &amp; lifestyle?
Small amount of SL left, pay now in lump sum or over the next year?
College student not able to afford all living expenses with my job. Which loans are more ideal for me?
[UK] Should I get a credit card to improve my credit rating and what's the best option?
How far of a commute is too far – Soon to be college grad [21/F]?
What do I need to know about filing taxes as a parent?
I want to convert playing the stock market to index fund investing. What to do with current stocks?
Rolling over 401k(?)
State income taxes as it relates to 401k distributions when you retire?
IRA or 401k rollover for 15k in 401k from old employer?
How does inflation work?
Moving to London for new and better paying job - transition and pay gap is going to cripple me. Advice? (UK)
Any tips for managing finances for self-employment?
Can anyone explain TSP to me in a way that makes sense?
Should I use my savings to pay off my credit card now, or continue with my current payments?
Dignified ways help a parent who is terrible with money but placing some firewalls to protect your own finances?
Is a car loan for a college student working PRN at a hospital a good idea?
So I have about 1,000 to spare and I want to invest in stock. Where should I start?
Dignified ways to help a parent who is terrible with money while placing "firewalls" to protect your own finances?
Should I put my monthly salary against my Credit Card debt? (AU)
Worth investing in index funds with only $100?
turning 18 soon, feeling kinda scared of making financial mistakes in my future. Any advice/ possible plan to stay out of financial trouble?
22 &amp; just started my first job, how do I start investing in my future?
How can I live off of $2,000,000?
Parents of PF, how do you project your kids' college costs?
I keep seeing 7% as the return rate you should be saving at for retirement, but where can I get that?
Turning 18 in 2 months. What to do with savings?
23 years old, 80k/yr, saving around 1k. Sanity check?
My family home was "Levyed" my the IRS. What does this mean and what can happen?
DRIP investing?
Should I transfer my credit card balance to a loan in order to lower the interest rate?
Full time employee filing 1099?
Whole life insurance?
I am a college student with a bank account linked with my mother. Parents are in a lot of debt. Is this dangerous?
Am I doing this right? How much should I be saving?
401k in the army?
Should I take money out of my 401K to become debt free?
New job....No retirement benefits. Now what?
Fiance and I finally have decent jobs, but have immense debt. Trying, but what should be next move?
How to Place House and Assets in Trust?
Is Sallie Mae / Navient automatically debiting your account for student loans that are actually in deferment?
Out of Country (Mexico) Inheritance... How to go about it?
18 year old in College, pay off un-subsidized loans or put excess money into a Roth IRA?
US citizen working/living abroad. What are my best long-term investment options?
I'm planning on joining the military once I graduate highschool, what should I do with the money I make during my military career?
Quick Summary of Difference between Index Funds, Mutual Funds, ETF's, and Money Market Accounts? Vanguard ~STAR
What to do with an inheretence gift?
Is buying gold/silver a good "savings" idea?
Car fund - savings or fund portfolio?
Should I rent out my house or not?
Started community college, thinking of switching to 4-year college?
Stuck on what whether let my money sit in the bank or invest? (AU)
26M, What is the proper way to evaluate an Employee Stock Purchase Plan?
I'm an authorized user, deceased primary, debt is transferred to probate agency. It's my debt. What to do next?
I think I'm doing my Emergency Fund wrong? Help please.
Is a separate savings account equal to the max yearly OOPE of your insurance a good idea?
Student loan holder ignoring request to apply payments to principal?
Can I damage my credit score if I request to stop payment while currently financing the purchase?
Dumb question, but I'm new and it's not specified in FAQ from what I see. When working a budget, is it just a figurative space? Or should money literally be divvied up?
Job Offer - Negotiate or Not?
What should a young person not making a lot of money do?
How Did You Afford Your First House?
Long-Term Compensation: Is there a downside to selling now?
Use money towards loans or start IRA?
Index funds or UIT?
College Senior with money to spare, is it wise to invest it?
Wife inherited her father's pension. How can she avoid having a percentage taken out for taxes?
Money Mart 'mishandled' my tax return - stole ~100. Help!?
Shouldn't we be able to retire?
401k options, what to invest in?
I am about to make a large purchase online ($10k) What is the best way to be protected and that I don't get screwed?
Leaving job, what to do with 403B?
How to verify if agreeing to a mortgage adjustment will reaffirm debt discharged in bankruptcy?
24/m bad credit any financial tips?
These allocations make sense?
Thoughts on CIT Bank?
Employer offered to pay off my student loans, negatives for me, if any ?
Home purchase: what is the point of a lender's title policy?
1099 Differed Income?
Choosing Funds for my company's 401(k) -- What funds would you like to see in your dream 401(k) lineup?
My roommate needs to go, how can I afford it?
How do you deal with buying holiday gifts?
Graduating and moving across the country, how much can I afford for rent?
Credit Union Approved $5k Personal Loan for CC Bills, But MUST Close Accounts Paid Off??
Boss might miss payroll, what are our rights?
If I make $1500 a month after living expenses while going to college. Is it more profitable to put that money in 401k and take loan for tuition or to use that money to pay for tuition?
Buying my first car at 22 -- fairly financially well-off, but only just now getting my licence -- do I buy new or used? or lease? do I go cheap or get something I like? (CA)
Can I convert a credit card?
[serious] Will getting a "paid, closed" collections account improve my credit score?
Received a Visa prepaid card from Xfinity/Citibank in the mail. What's the catch?
How can I up my credit score now? At 693.
Should I convert 401(k) to Roth or Traditional?
In pursuit of long term financial freedom, what could I be doing better? 26 yrs old, making $70k, some debt, some savings
Closing Credit Card - Decrease Limit First? (CA)
Transfer emergency fund to tax-exempt municipal bond fund?
Can my company force me to use a specific HSA custodian?
I inherit $3,000 a year for the next 5 years from a wealthy family member. What should I do with it?
Company changing me from employee to 1099 contractor - what factors to include in new salary request?
Does anyone here have a hobby/interest-based side gig? If so, how is it set up? S Corp, LLC, other?
Should I dip into my emergency fund?
What is something I can go to school for (less than 1 year) to earn some money on the side?
How Do I get ahead?
How did you become rich?
Is it necessary to save old credit reports?
job offer negotiations - cash or stock bonus?
I'm going to be moving locations a few times in the next couple years and so I need to change my bank account from a local-only one to one I'll be able to find anywhere. Any suggestions on a specific bank or what I should look out for?
Brothers in a sticky situation. Advice please?
Parent paying off $53,000 in adult child's student loans. Tax liability for parent? For child?
How Best to Approach Student Loans with Savings and Investments - Liquidate or Invest Further?
Can I ask about trading groups?
Student loans are weighing me down :( How can I stay motivated and stop obsessing?
Any personal bankers here that can explain refinancing an auto loan?
I have minor health problems, but I need term life. Where's the best place to find it?
Mint.com users, it's 2014 and Intuit now runs mint, what do you HATE about Mint?
With QE coming to an end, should I be repositioning my portfolio to take on more bonds?
I am a software engineer, what problems do you wish personal finance software could solve for you? I'll build the most popular request!
I'm 19 how concerned should I be about my finances and debt?
I just discovered I have a ton of debt, where to start?
Help me budget?
I owe 7,000 to the University of Anchorage Alaska, will the money come out my monthly direct deposit?
How to Invest my daughters gifted money - 529 alternatives?
Sell stock when its high and move cash into high interest savings?
Credit Card Settlement Agreement?
Know any good website/app to keep track of my budget? Thanks in advance!
Are we getting slow played into becoming slaves in taxes through government programs???
Link to "projected amt", ect. calculators?
Pension buyout question?
What is a reasonable rent to pay in a major city (CA)?
Looking to loan 18k from Credit Union, they're willing to give me a 3.24% rate. Thoughts on situation financially?
I received a credit card that I didn't apply for - what do I do?
When one cashes out a whole life insurance policy, do they usually have to pay any taxes on their money?
Does it affect my credit score to close a checkings/savings account at one bank and open one at another?
How do I remove late payments from credit report?
My bank is offering me a line of credit. I don't need one, but should I accept offer anyway? Will this increase my credit score? (Canada)
Should I invest now?(CA)
REALLY MESSED UP. should i take out a loan to help cover costs?
About to open my first Roth - Anyone have experience with Schwab?
Upcoming unemployment advice?
Should I use RSUs to pay off $20K cc debt?
Single high limit CC or multiple for a purpose?
Moving to a new country, will my retirement fund be screwed up? What would you do in my situation?
What's a good rate for a car loan for me? My credit score is 740.
Retirement Options For 1099 Contractor/ Portfolio Management?
Should I be looking into buying a house?
Is $1200 a month on rent too much for $1,200 bi-weekly checks?
Should I use my rrsp money to pay off part of line of credit? (CA)
I'm interested in online banking. Which one is right for me?
How much will getting married help our finances?
What product to use for laddered emergency funds (CA)?
How do I help my parents?
How to increase total credit limit without applying for smaller cards?
Parents have whole life insurance policies - what to do?
Should I hold out for the salary I want (JP)?
Why do accounts such as the Santander ISA require me to have two direct debits from the account?
Sell mutual funds to open Roth IRA?
What % of my monthly income can I (should I) safely put towards rent?
How do I start investing?
Follow-up: how can I close a student joint account my mother no longer transfers money into, but still monitors to count my money? What proof do I need to bring to my bank?
Does anyone here have an Individual 401(k)? Am I eligible?
I'm 21 year old undergraduate with no student loans or credit debt made around $100,000 by selling an app on appstore. What do I do with it?
How much will getting married save us on taxes?
What is your software of choice for keeping track of your finances?
Debt consolidation?
Looking for feedback on my current budget/spending habits. What would you do differently?
Please evaluate my 403b allocation &amp; investments?
Has anyone ever used Moven to budget?
Why are REIT fund prices inversely proportional to interest rates?
Pay toward student loans or contribute to 401k?
How do some of these 'motifs' have such high return percentages?
About to cancel Comcast. Any advice on making sure nothing comes back to bite me?
Refinance mortgage to payoff higher interest debt?
Hospital waived my fees because I make so little, doctors fees did not, went to collections. Pay?
Should I borrow from 401k to pay off student loans?
IS there a better way to make money?
How are we doing? Need some general and retirement advice.
What is a reasonable amount to spend on a vacations?
Sell my house or rent it out?
What is a reasonable amount to spend on vacations?
Been supporting my live-in fiancée for a year. is there anyway to not get screwed on my taxes?
How to get a credit card as a 30 year old student with perfect credit?
Borrow against my 401k for home down payment?
Give up car allowance?
Does anyone else feel guilty?
How to get a rewards credit card as a 30 year old student with a 780 credit score and no income?
If I qualify for HARP 2.0 and I'm not underwater- Does it necessarily mean that it is the best option for refinancing my home?
Potential Offer Looming, Salary Negotiation?
Addison, TX area - Moving out of Condo; Rent it out or Sell it now?
Tips for saving more?
My credit score went down because my credit card utilization went down. Huh?
Should I sell my home?
My Paypal Bill Me Later account, is now called Paypal Credit. Is this now an actual credit card account that gets reported?
[Question] How do I keep my debt payment lowered as I can't afford what they're requiring?
Is student debt really worth it?
How to get doctor's office to submit insurance claims faster (do I need to worry if they don't)?
Loan payments about to triple in cost. Do I have other options?
Am I in trouble financially?
My house is on a 5/1 ARM tied to the Libor. How easy will it be to refinance/lock in a rate?
Does making extra payments on an amortizing loan actually net you more than the interest rate?
Got a new job out-of-state and need some funds (~$5,000) in order to pay for the move. What is the best/safest way to get the money? Personal line of credit?
How does the end of quantitative easing affect us?
To ask for a raise or not?
Paying off a car loan right away. Is it acceptable?
Has anyone used Fidelity Investments Charitable Giving?
What is a quit claim deed?
Should I increase my current CC limit or get a new card?
Applying for a credit-card today. 19 and not a student but working full-time. Can I still only get a secured card?
The wife and I have separate checking accts. However, we've been a little nervous about getting hit with fraud. We want to open a single checking account for both of us to keep enough money for purchasing things. Which would be best?
Save vs invest / Scale down? Help!
Rollover or withdraw?
MAGI makes me ineligible for Roth IRA opening. Should I rollover my old Roth 401k?
Saving for a down-payment on a house: Savings Acct, Investment Acct, or Both?
IRS Notice of Deficiency for Roth IRA withdrawal that should NOT be taxed - Any Advice?
Setting up direct deposit, with who?
Unknowingly went delinquent on student loan, now it's on my credit report. Anything I can do?
Do the current low interest rates make FHA (even with PMI) a better deal than saving for a larger down payment and doing a traditional 30-yr 2 or 3 years from now?
Has anyone ever filed for bankruptcy? And if so, what happened/how'd it work out/what were any pros/cons? [Serious personal advice needed]
Can I take out a new student loan to consolidate my old student loans at a lower interest rate?
Can you help me to understand Advertised Interest Rate vs APR vs the much higher rate I got approved for?
Decent government programs that offer additional aid for school?
Using a FSA on top of an HSA?
Should I Let Best Buy Sell My Debt To A Collection Agency?
Advice in repaying Student Loans. Is it advisable to pay them off as fast as possible?
Do you receive the full benefit of making extra payments on an amortized mortgage if you sell your home early?
Is a starter portfolio diverse with a variety of EFT's?
Pay IRS with Roth IRA?
What to do with $20,000 in savings account?
How safe are apps like Venmo?
New to budgeting (and income): Is my YNAB plan reasonable?
Made a budget with YNAB, how does a look?
19, no credit, need a car loan without co-sign. What are my options?
Should I move my defined benefit state retirement into another fund as I am starting a new non-state job? Details inside.
Questions to ask interviewer? and advice on asking salary
Buying a car: short time finance, or long term finance?
Questions for interviewer? and advice on asking salary
Buying a used car from a rental agency like Hertz - is it a good way to avoid predatory car salespeople?
Should I Wait for my Moving Bonus?
Purchase washer and dryer or use my apartments laundrymat?
Where should my priorities lie with what's on my plate?
I went over my credit card limit accidentally, what will happen?
Should I rent out my flat or sell it and renovate another flat? (UK)
28, MBA student, salary is 33k a year, am I going to be ok?
What is realistic to ask for when negotiating a severance package?
Take this job or shove it?
Dos and donts for college students? In need of some extra help.
When to get into auto debt? (Not answered in FAQ)
Maxed out my Roth IRA; should I contribute to a 401k or an HSA next?
Should I study abroad?
How should I invest my extra income? Also help me buy something sweet.
Maxing out 401k for early retirement?
Should I "Advance the Due Date" on Student Loan Payments?
Where would you prioritize saving/investing in an HSA?
Tuition or down payment?
what are the unexpected bills when you first leave home?
Motley Fool's Rule Breakers: worth the subscription/time reading?
Worth it applying for financial assistance for medical bills?
If I make money by doing things like building/maintaining websites for people, how do I report that as income for taxes when I file?
What does having a credit card that you don't use do to your credit score?
My ex is wrecking my credit. What do I do?
Is it wise to save for a house in a real estate fund?
Ex-Partner resigned from small business entity, 2 years later contacts me, can I get sued?
Investing at a young age with little savings? (CA)
Automatic monthly investing in index funds: good idea?
Advice: Best way to re-arrange money to pay off student debt quickly?
Is private banking worth it? Recommendations?
How do I get this false collection off of my credit report?
Using myFico, why does your score go down when you pay a balance off?
Living at home during junior and senior year of college to save money?
zillow "Make Me Move" how much would it take you?
Borrowing against my house to pay student debt??
I am an International Student wanting to Study Computer Science in US .How can I afford the education?(IND)
How do you determine your percentage of long-term saving each month when 401k comes out before you get your paycheck?
Good Credit Card to apply for? 20, couple lines of credit, at a 660
What is the effective tax rate past the social security income max?
Received cash offer on our house. Do we counter?
Should we move?
5 years ago I had a cellphone contract with verizon, but I couldn't afford to keep paying it. WIll I be able to get another contract with them?
Need advise on what to do with these fully vested company stock options?
How to handle a derogatory closure on my credit history?
Approximately 550 Days Until Graduation... What Should I Be Doing Now?
Getting inheritance including 1/3 interest in multiple apartment complexes. Sell or keep?
Any advice on buying a car in my situation?
Should I pay off my student loans considering my upcoming circumstances?
How long for reletting an apartment?
Redundant to have Roth 401K &amp; Roth IRA?
What is the longest you've been without a job?
Best no-fee checking accounts?
What is the best credit card for a student?
Crappy car: Donate for tax deduction or attempt to sell?
35K in Employee Stock Purchase program, when should I cash out?
How do I open a bank account?
What benefits does an 800+ credit score bring compared to a 700+?
What should I do with $50,000? More details in text box.
Called bank 3 times to pay negative balance. They never called me back. They sent me to collections. Is this okay?
Best rewards credit card?
Might be getting free utility's, should i say or do anything?
Messed up W-4 and owe taxes. Losing job in two months. Advice?
Fraudulent charges on my credit card(what do I do)?
Should an intern who wants to be hired on full-time contribute to the companies 401K?
EVICTED? Learn How To Remove An Eviction In 30 Days!
What would you do if you were me?
How do you save/reduce your medical bills?
Building credit--What's my next step?
Is there an IRS penalty for having no return?
Should I keep my oldest Credit card?
It's been almost 2 and a half months, and my landlord hasn't billed us utilities yet. What do we do?
Got my first job--in Houston. How do I determine how much I should pay for rent?
How to minimize taxes on dividend stocks?
Two Amex platinum Skymiles cards?
In the process of getting a secured credit card to build credit, should I get a $300 limit or $1000 limit?
Is there a way to pay a certain transaction on your credit card bill that might carry a higher interest rate?
New to Renting Apartment and the Renter Wants my Proof of Income. What is the Best Course of Action?
What advice would you give to first-time home buyers?
Pay off CCs or save for upcoming job loss?
Retirement plan for someone who has a job that requires me to move places quite often. Where do I make retirement contributions?
What's stopping me from 1099ing all of my work, accruing back taxes, and then settling the tax debt for less?
Move back with parents to save on rent?
Pay over 20% down for a new home loan or save the cash as emergency fund?
Can anybody recommend a PF/Budgeting app that allows bi-weekly budgets and sync with my accounts?
Is it possible to get a credit score in the 800s with just credit cards on my report?
I won a contest. How can I safely provide personal information?
Married couple here trying to get off of living paycheck to paycheck, any advice based on our income?
I just got a letter from collections with no notices or warning. What options do i have?
Grad student -- didn't budget properly -- help?
Can I get car financing on a used car with bad credit if I put down a large down payment?
Should I just pay off this small bill in collections?
I just got a new job and my husband just got fired, what do we do with our 401k's?
What is a "tentative" job offer, what does it entail, and what is follow up protocol?
Should you overpay the initial down payment?
Should I buy a house?
Should I be purchasing life insurance?
What assets can count as emergency funds?
Health insurance through healthcare.gov and how marriage affects it?
What advice would you give to first-time land buyers?
Brand new 401k and matching. Can I get a sanity check?
Can I afford a house?
credit card debt vs emergency fund OR Why can't you use a credit card for your emergency fund?
Co-Op Student, no 401(k) through company available, working in Canada as Dual Citizen, credit cards are paid off, what now? Student Loans?
Debt free Graduate seeks Advice. Should I go for a masters or not?
Trying to decide between putting money in my savings account for emergency fund or 401K, as a 24[M] living home, please help?
Possible to roll active 401k into 457b?
How to avoid paying gift tax?
If there is a trust fund for me, but in my dads name, who's financial history do they look at when getting a loan?
Two debts to go, best strategy?
Wondering if I should get a credit card?
Collection Account on Experian Error?
How do you balance quality of life with frugality?
How can I figure out how much COBRA coverage will cost? (PA)
Does being a cosigner for a student loan affect buying a house?
Best advice after acquiring a large inheritance? (CA)
I pay my Credit Cards every two weeks, is the 0% utilization handicapping my score?
What percentage of my income should go to rent?
What, if anything, should I do with this old 401k?
Paying off non-dischargable debt first?
I took an unsecured loan out a month ago, my car was impounded 2 weeks ago and sold as a lien. I lost my job and have no way to pay my debts. Can Bankruptcy help me and discharge all of this including the remainder of the car payments I owe? If so which chapter?
What is a good online bank?
Bought a car with no cosigner. Bank complained to dealership that i had no cosigner. Dealership telling me i need to bring a co signer which is something i might not have. i don't know what to do. Help?
California, USA - My husband and I just gave our annual zakat (charity). Do we need to claim this on taxes? The amount was 700, 500 to one non-profit and 200 to another non-profit. Thanks.
Is this collections office lying to me?
I have $25k, no job, a BS in Biz Mgmt (plus extensive PC computer knowledge) and a felony record for growing marijuana 10+ yrs ago; what's my next move?
I was planning to get pre-approved for a home loan in a few months, but I need a new truck for my business today. Is it unwise to have that type of credit event at this point or will I be okay when the lenders search my credit file in March?
I'm a 23 year old who cut ties with an abusive father, has student loans, and I am trying to qualify as being self employed. What should I be doing about filing taxes and what else should I be looking into doing?
How should I decide if I should go with a conventional vs. FHA loan?
What is a Pop Dnt 125 deduction?
Today, a person ran into my car. I'm suppose to be returning this car soon because it's a lemon, what do I do?
Redditors that belong to an online bank: do you also belong to a local bank?
Quick advice, please?
Do I make enough to afford a new car?
Are there any tips for people looking for new banks? What criteria should people look for when switching banks?
Should I contribute to IRA or 410(k)? Tax benefit question?
Victim of hit and run, what to do next?
30yr fixed 4.25 to 7/1 ARM 3.25?
Should I finance a car for a long term (let's say 60 months) to keep my monthly payments low if I am planning to sell the vehicle in a year or two?
Goodwill Forgiveness letter - how many is taking it too far?
I have in $35k in cash for investing in real estate or the stock market. What should I do?
What's the best way to manage money when you only get paid once a month?
Am I on track to retire?
Do you ever feel like your bank account is 'stuck' ?
Bank, Credit Card Fees Driving You Crazy? How The Big Banks and Credit Card Companies Are Gouging Us And What Can Be Done About It.
Broke up with SO, am I in trouble financially?
Why do so many people not consider a mortgage to be debt when planning finances?
How should I prepare to purchase a home with my VA Loan?
How do i deal with ridiculous Centry link charges?
Does one's credit score improve when negative records comes off, or does it incrementally become "less bad" as the negative records gets older?
How do I create this company and send invoices legally?
Need a $1500 loan for a car this week. Terrible credit. What do I do?
Are any of the recent grad programs from dealerships good?
Investment Firm: Which One Should I pick?
Waiting until next year to contribute to 401k?
Have some cash. Get rid of student loan debt, CC debt, or do something else?
Is investing purely in a S&amp;P 500 3x ETF viable?
Best method of saving money for a down payment?
What is the right % of your income to spend on a car payment?
Setting up a workplace retirement benefits plan for the first time- what are my options?
Got married and keeping our names. What do I need to update?
Credit limit increase with disputed items?
Overcontributed to Roth IRA, what do I do now?
What's after the Roth IRA? Pizza?
Is paying off collections enough?
Employer gave me $475 on an FSA card. What do I do with it?
Am I being taxed properly?
Work full-time (60+hr's/week, 100k+/year) or commit to school for a future salary position? Need some advice (CA)
Gross vs Net expense ratios?
Does anybody know of any fiduciary financial planners in Australia? I have just come to find out that its legal for most financial planners to not have your best interests.
Rejected from first credit card app for not having credit history, what gives?
Financial suicide to take on 400k student loan debt?
What do you think about my budget? (USA)
Possible to get low insurance under 21?
Why open a CD?
Can you make any real money on Tsu?
What to do with money left over after meeting my expense and savings needs?
I'm 36 and moved to CA almost 10 years ago. Should I cash in my out of state retirement account? If so, how do I do it?
Household Income: IRS P501 and HealthCare.gov contradiction? Confused!
18, college student where to start?
Is having "throw-away jobs" a bad idea?
Husband never told me that he had 4 debts in collection. He is unable to get them taken care of because he has been deployed to Afghanistan. What is the best way I can get these taken care of? I
New baby on the way...are my estimated budget expenses reasonable?
Has anyone else had Verizon offer to double their data plan for free when your two year contract expired? I'm skeptical.
Income Based Repayment on Student Loan - Do I have to alert my loan servicer if I get a new, higher paying job?
Help! Need to Break my Apartment Lease???
consequences of taking unemployment benefits (WA state)?
As a student, can I take vacations?
How bad off am I?
I desperately need a few hundred in singles on a sunday. Any advice?
Buy or Lease a car that I only want for 3-4 years?
Would I benefit switching to a credit union?
My school lost their Nursing program, still pay 20K loans?
In need of new tires before winter. Is a credit card a better route than a personal loan?
How do you talk financial sense into someone? I've told my girlfriend I'm not going to marry her until she gets her finances under control. She refuses to get a second job.
400K Student Loans, best approach?
College sophomore with no income- how to spend as little on grocery as possible?
Handing down property in CA without property tax reassessment?
Should I get paid the extra hours on Daylight saving time?!
I contribute to a 401K, HSA, emergency acct (reg savings bank acct), and funds in US Series I bonds. Is it a good idea to open an IRA or is that too many?
Should I refinance both my private and public loans?
Which Credit Card is right for me?(CA)
My time deposit expired and my bank put all that money in another time deposit with a 0.1% interest rate. How are they even allowed to do this?
What should my plan of attack be for paying off my small student loan?
Should I pay off student loans now, or hold out for forgiveness?
Wife and I are planning to have a baby in a year. How to financially plan for first year expenses?
Three year vesting on company 403b matching. Incredibly unlikely that I will stay with company for three years. Should I still contribute or focus on loans/Roth IRA?
Is it beneficial for my credit to pay off my car loan early?
uestionInheriting ~200k in a few days. What should I do with it?(context inside)
Moving abroad : what is to expect financially? (FR to CA)
Starting own business selling my songs online, how would I go about paying taxes? (CA)
Could you build a house with 20-30k ?
What is your free time worth? When do you start thinking of paying people to do chores you don't hate but don't enjoy: e.g. cleaning house or car, mowing, etc.
Lost my job and ALL my savings and hit poverty levels. I'm having a terrible time rebounding and feel overwhelmingly hopeless. Advice?
Should I be putting all of my paychecks into our savings, and live off of what my SO makes?
Does credit card utilization count during month or does the utilization get counted on payment due date?
Dental school- is it worth it?
Which bank to open a joint checking and savings account?
Any value in going to a financial planner vs. just opening an account with Vanguard et al?
Is There Any Real Health Insurance For Perma-Travelers? (x-post from /r/financialindependence)
Moving, but not taking the car that I have a loan on. Options?
Should I refinance both my private and public loans?
What to do when you're suddenly poor?
Got stuck in my hotel elevator for 1.5 hrs, which caused me to miss part of the conference I was attending. How much refund is it reasonable to ask for?
How much does my grandma need in her emergency fund?
Traditional 401k Combined with Roth 401k - How would I be taxed in retirement?
Preparing for life outside of highschool?
Student have $7300 in savings, what is best thing to do with it?
23 year old college student, 70k in debt and just crashed my car. What's next?
Is it possible to extend the payback time on student loans and just really go hard on paying back one loan at a time?
I'm 24, I have a good salary, and $100,000CAD in savings. What should I be doing with my money if my goal is to own a home in one of Canada's most expensive real-estate markets? (CA)
My grandpa has saved $20,000 for his and my grandma's burial. He recently had a heart attack and wants to give me the money for safekeeping. Are there any tax implications that I should be worried about?
Is my credit score as displayed on my credit union online banking account my "true" credit score?
Moving Out for the First Time. Advice?
Paying off student loan interest before end of tax year to qualify for a tax deduction - good idea?
Should I get a new travel rewards card before buying a car?
Debt returned onto credit report?
More of a general question: I have about $4000 in hand. Should I buy a used car or should I lease? (x-post from r/askcarsales)
Thinking of filing bankruptcy. What should I consider to make an educated decision and will this impact my ability to own a few small assets?
My husband and I share a joint bank account, but I want us to each have our own since he's a spender and I'm a saver. Is this a good idea, and how do we go about it?
Has anyone gone from what they thought was financial security to hardship?
Should I pay it off then sell, or the opposite?
Just got 10k for a birthday to use as a start to my life. Was wondering what would be the best way to invest it/maximize its profits?
Help me choose a credit card?
What conditions have to be met to get a student loan deferment?
[US] Can someone help me figure out self-employment taxes?
How do you decide between better employment options and a relationship with your partner? Need advice
Paying parent plus loans (I am the child) can I claim the interest paid on my taxes? [x-post r/tax]
Debt Consolidation? (Canada)
College student with good job and no debt - what is the most efficient, wisest route I can take right now towards retirement?
Graduating soon with 0 debt and $10K in the bank and in the market for a car...what should I do?
No self control when it comes to credit debt? Take another perspective...
Judgements, Garnishment, New job, How to pay this debt?
What's the best way for me to save for a business? (AU)
I have high cashflow, low capital - Investment ideas for now, or save capital? (AU)
Free personal finance software with weekly reporting &amp; multiple currencies?
17 years old - Got £18k savings what should I do?
I have an odd question about a car and payment and some options, if I have any?
[Serious]Looking for a new bank sick of fees help me ?
403(b) or pay down student loans?
Does anyone here use a national bank that they actually like?
Am I budgeting wisely?
How do you give?
[401k] does it make sense to keep contributing after it's maxed?
Pay off student loan once the dust settles or stick with established payment plan?
Do you own any sector-specific mutual funds? What are the reasons?
Should I split my contributions evenly between Roth and Traditional IRA?
What does PF think of this article?
Short term (6mo-1year) investments?
Any advantage to switching from monthly to semi-monthly payroll?
Is it a bad idea to sell my car if I'm not planning on driving it for the next year or 2?
Paying off credit card debt in full lump sum - good or bad?
In your experience, which online bank is the best?
How does BOA credit card billing work? Due on the 1st but all bills for that month charged to the 15th?
Should an 18 year old buy a brand new car?
Cancelling long-term life insurance. I'm doing the right thing, right?
SEP-IRA vs Solo 401k? And rollover questions.
How do I find old 401Ks?
old 401k - should i rollover to my new 401k or Roth IRA?
How to salvage/rebuild destroyed credit?
Getting Married this weekend. How should we blend our finances?
My 401k Manager's Response to me recommending Vanguard Core Four. Does this sound right?
Should I take a year break from my HSA?
Payoff Subsidized Loans or Retirement?
US Citizen living/working in Canada for 1 year. Is losing $0.02 cents per dollar on a transfer an acceptable rate?
Is participating in Vacation Buyout programs financially smart?
Medical school graduate seeking financial services - where to start?
TEXAS - my lease is up at the end of November, my apartment complex says they are raising my rent $100 per month in 30 days, but that I have to give them 60 days notice to move out. Is this legal? Do they get a free $100 for me moving out because they raised my rent?
NYC PFers should I live at home and save for a down payment?
Need to get a car ASAP. Good credit but 0 down?
Harm in adding another CC if financially responsible?
Tracking down old bonds?
Two rental properties with positive cash-flow, which mortgage to pay down first?
Credit cards with 0% APR on cash advance, or other option?
Possible to get a small car loan with no income?
Looking to Build a home. Can I afford it?
Should I pay off my mortgage?
Could I get some opinions on a move my investor made?
Took a new salaried position, should I ask for a raise?
How should I handle my tax return this year (regarding my exemptions)?
own house in another state, can't afford payments, can't lease it, what are my options?
CC paydown advice in advance of mortgage application in early 2015?
Good Scenario for Backdoor Roth IRA?
Has anyone tried UFB Direct and their 1.25% savings account?
20[M] : 102k/year| Redmond, WA | What should I do?
I need a lot of money to help my family. Suggestions ?
What's the best way to check my credit score?
Help! How should I proceed?!
When do you get a new (or newer) car?
Wife hasn't been paying her student loan... What to do?
I low-balled myself when initially asked about salary in an interview. Now I have an actual offer that's on the low range. How do I negotiate a salary now?
Did biggie smalls file tax returns ?
How much should i save up to move across the country and leave a decent paying job?
How should I manage my Roth IRA?
Self-Employed, Haven't paid any taxes all year, I'm scared, what do I do?
Just married, cash on hand, what to do? (not answered in FAQ)
Someone tried to open a credit card under my name. What do i do?
Is there a maximum amount you can deduct for moving expenses?
Inheriting income from the UK? What tax implications should I be expecting?
My late father claimed 10 months of disability benefits in my name. Now the IRS wants their money back. What do i do?
Has anyone refinanced student loans? Are there any unintended consequences?
Should I transfer my student loan balance to my credit card?
I just received 700 cash back reward for signing up for a new card. What's to stop me from doing this a few times a year and then canceling the card?
First job out of college. $61,000 salary before taxes. Should I pay my student loans as fast as possible or just pay the minimum for 10 years?
Am I on the right track? Just need some input...
How long will my credit score stay the same?
63k salary, 80k student loans, 12k personal loan?? - Please help
Apply with pre-approval code, or fresh?
Apply for CC via pre-approval code, or as fresh website application?
Can I give money to a minor kid as a tax-free amount?
I don't know if I can keep this up if I can't get myself on track (debt, unemployment, bad living situation, etc). Advice?
My job asks me if I want to pay for my health insurance before-tax or after-tax? What's the difference between the two?
As we near the ACA open enrollment period, I'm wondering what the financial pros and cons are to switching health plans every year for the best price/benefits vs. keeping the same plan?
24 years old - how to negotiate salary during a promotion?
received a raise - can I move out? please see inside
Recovering from financial hardships, looking to consolidate credit card debt without taking a major credit hit. What are my options?
Roth IRA/Mutual Fund: Sell high and wait to buy low again?
Is this normal?
Buy car now and save $3k in tax/fees or buy later when student loan paid off but pay tax/fees?
Does money in my Roth IRA need to be invested in a fund at all times or can I keep some of the money in cash?
How do you get money for school if you ran out of aid your credit sucks?
Community Website, How to take donations?
I was made 'redundant' at my company but was continued as 'freelance'. I'm now leaving to a new job - am I still entitled to redundancy pay?
Do you feel equipped to make informed decisions about your 401k? Does your employer help?
401k calculator accuracy?
Renting with bad credit?
Final utilities bill was JUST sent to collections, I haven't been called yet. What should I do?
Should I cut my credit card?
I'm thinking about quitting my engineering job and going back to school for a master's degree. Would this be a good or bad financial decision?
Should I contribute anything to my 401k before debts are paid off?
Advanced personal finance: "My company offers an after-tax 401(k). Should I contribute to it?" [X-post]
"Single" homeowner(28M) looking to consolidate debt. What are your suggestions?
First time credit card user, need suggestions on GameStop credit card?
Online calculator to see W2 vs 1099 comparison between two different rates?
Finally getting smart with my money. Now where do I start?
Normal hotel behavior or attempted double-charging?
Advice Needed- Look for Jobs or Go Back to School/Travel?
Interested in hearing from US resident aliens who've had experience with getting a mortgage within two years of moving to US?
How do I stop giving the government an interest free loan every time I get a large bit of commission?
Should I as a Canadian be buying american indexes / stocks to make money off the Canadian dollar becoming weaker?
Foreign money transfer?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house in cash?
What sites do you have bookmarked on your homepage for the intention of investing? (CA)
What else can help my dad with over $45,000 in credit card debt?
My vehicle is impounded and can't afford to get it out. Would it be wise to let my lien holder (bank) repossess it from the tow yard or let the tow yard lien sale it and discharge the total debt later?
Second credit card?
HSA vs 401k/IRA?
How do I make my final car payment?
Capital One 360 Fraud or Scam?
My plan to payoff my 401K loan 3 years early, and grow my 401K by nearly $3K over the life of the loan. Will it work?
How do capital losses affect my taxes?
Can HSA contributions be front-loaded during the year?
Should I sell my car, or keep going forward?
Thoughts on buying REIT(VGSLX) or Health care (VGHCX) funds?
If I apply for a credit card with my bank, will my balance be taken into consideration?
Opening an IRA?
Best Credit Cards?
W-4 form help?
Newly unemployed and don't have money for my monthly car payment/credit card. What do I do?
SO wants to buy a house. Am I being unreasonable?
Forgot to deduct PMI from my 2013 tax return, can I still get my refund?
Good pointers on asking for a raise?
Loan or Line of Credit?
For US based investors what are the highest recommended funds/binds/etc to earn above 8% annually with the best protection?
Should I payoff a 2nd mortgage on my personal residence that I plan to turn into a rental property later?
My mother died in January. She had a car leased through Hyundai, who promised they would take it back without penalty and my father would not be subject to any collections. He just received an invoice for &gt; $3k. What should he do?
Any advice on deciding which credit card to apply for?
In the military, is it worth it to buy a house if I might only be in a place for less than 2 years? Should I just rent?
Coming into some money, which loan should I kill?
End of year financial checklist - to do?
How much to put in Roth and Traditional accounts?
Terrible credit score, where do I start?
Is it possible to put some of the amount of a cheque that's been made out to you into an ISA and get the remainder in cash? (UK)
Need to open a Mastercard or Discover credit card. Any suggestions?
What the hell do I do with an empty lot FL when I'm in CA?
Can you legally purchase an automobile with a personal loan?
What should I do to improve my financial situation?
having $25k+ in savings does it make sense to move it into a money market account? bank teller keeps bugging me.
[CA] how can I become a multi millionaire before I am too old (read 40yo) ?
Am I buying too much house?
Any ideas how to make $1200 in a week? (ExcLudington man whoring and kidney sales.)
How to look up a transaction location for a checking account?
check endorsed to two people. 1 refuses to sign. What can I do?
I can't find an eligible cosigner for a private student loan? Options?
How do I better manage my money so I can pay off my debts better?
How do people usually save up for a 20% down payment for a house?
Considering refinancing my student loans. May be better for us now, but will it be worth it in the long run?
How does a recent change in address affect getting a credit card?
Alternative Sources of Income?
Is this a good idea? (HU)
Paid off credit cards, lots of student loan debt--what to do with income?
Stepfamilies and money... What are your thoughts about supporting adult stepchildren financially? (AU)
What are some passive source of income? (AU)
HDHP or Co-Pay medical insurance for a family of 4?
Not sure what to use- YNAB, Paper, Mint, Google or another?
AT&amp;T randomly charged my bank account $851. I canceled their service a month ago and switched to T-mobile. I'm gonna call them later today. What should I do?
Ways to make extra cash while working full time?
How do I escape the credit card catch-22? (UK)
How do I switch my FI?
(UK) Girlfriend got a call from her insurance company saying she is entitled to £1000-3000 for a collision she was in last year?
Which would increase my credit score more, paying down student loans or my credit card?
Opening a Savings Account; Any advice?
Do I need to pay bills from another country?
Homeowner, have a llc registered. Can it buy a photovoltaic system and take the depreciation? Could it sell the energy to the grid instead of offsetting my homes usage.
Can you ever have too many credit cards?
Cheapest way to exchange U.S dollars To Canadian?
Opening a credit card, paying it off, and closing within a year, bad idea?
Where to put my savings?
Have to buy Mother-in-law a car while saving for a house. Advice on Buy vs Borrow vs ???
What happens to my US retirement accounts (IRA/401k) if I move to Canada?
Should I pay down mortgage until PMI insurance is gone before focusing on student loans?
What balance do you get charged credit card interest on?
How often do you check your bank statements / mint account?
UK, 28/m, 1/5 on Noodle credit rating. I have repaid Wonga off, although it was fairly late. Would another loan app be successful? [payday loans are bad mmkay]
Have 2k in Credit Card debt. Is there a way to consolidate it by taking a loan out through my credit union?
My checking account earns 1.75% APY on balances up to $25k. Any reason not to max this out for emergency fund?
Quitting job to go to grad school?
Car Accident No Insurance - Suggestions on Repayment?
I will be leaving college soon with no student debt due to a full scholarship. What are the best ways to take advantage of this?
9 million for a lifetime?
Paying on private student loans while in grad school?
Filed bankruptcy today! Now what?
Should I not bother with any "regular" stocks until I max my IRA?
Should I withdraw money from my 401k to survive on?
Should my wife and I be on the same pension plan?
Mint Question: Can I have only a percentage of an account balance be shown?
What are the disadvantages or 'gotchas' to a Line of Credit (LOC) against a residential home?
I have the option of splitting my retirement savings between two brokers. Are there any advantages/disadvantages to doing this?
Pay more for a shorter period or pay less for a longer period?
I seek opinions on VFIIX (or the admiral VFIJX). Does anyone think it is a good idea to dump entire savings into this one? Details and link in the text.
Savings or Pay Debt?
[22M] Buying a house soon, should I sell my impractical car for a decent beater?
Help selling a structured settlement?..
What would you do? Extra HELOC capacity
Can I do this without the government thinking that i am doing something illegal?
What is a decent 24mo personal rate of return on a 401k?
Is it better to open a new card before or after I cancel a current card?
23. $50k in student loan debt. $22,800 income (after taxes) Help?
First time dealing with Collection Agency--is this right?
Advice on TSP investments?
Any downsides to purchasing long-term disability insurance through work? [xpost to r/insurance]
After age 70, can you withdraw from 401K for a house down payment, tax and penalty free?
What is your personal finance workflow?
20k deposit waiting for me. When should I buy a house?
Should I buy a house?
No loan/scholarship/family money left to finish last year of undergrad. Will declaring independence help?
My Job is 60 miles away, and im stuck in my house because i own it. Advice?
Buying a house and considering loan options. Which of these loans works out best in the long run?
Does anyone else "depreciate" major purchases on their budget?
How safe is it to use Mint and what are the benefits?
How much do inquiries for homeowners insurance effect your credit score?
20yo Looking to buy house, advice? (CA)
Should I[23] have bought my car? 46k income
QUICK! How good is this mortgage offer?
[20F] Student hoping to build credit, managed to correct a nasty mistake. Will this help?
401k withdrawals - any experience?
Which is better YNAB or Mint?
Just wondering if prospective job is worth it?
What's the better tax break?
Is there any negative aspects to a balance transfer from one credit card to another?
About to turn 19 years old, have roughly $4300 in savings. What should I do to prepare for my twenties?
Someone got my Mother's name, address and credit card info and has been making purchases with her card. Should she Freeze her Credit? What else?
Can two dental plans cover the same visit?
What is the safest and cheapest way to check the status of my credit?
Should I think about filing for bankruptcy?
I'm a college sophomore that will graduate with around 140k in debt. What should I do?
Should I include my wife on an auto loan application, even though she has no credit?
Should I lend my parents 16,000 at 10%? (NZ)
I've been given POA over a relative with terminal cancer. Her finances are a nightmare and I don't know where to start. Help?
pay off one or another account first, or both at the same time?
How long until i have a decent credit score? Also help me with a financial plan
Best long term savings account for a house down payment? (Not planning to buy for 8+ years)
Can we stop with the "[22F] [32M] [28F] [16M] ... " junk?
Re-Finance?
Currently living with my partner. He is abusive and I want to leave, but I have no where to go and a small income. What options do I have?
two opportunities - what's your take PersonalFinance?
What to do with a high, recurring income?
Anything I should know about living on my own?
If you could borrow at the same rate banks do, what would you do with the money?
Inherited property abroad, how can I use it to improve my $$ situation in the US, without selling?
Advice on what to do with $15k?
Recommendations of any financing websites other than Mint?
Is uprooting my family for a job a good idea?
I have 100k USD and want to move to US , What should i do ?
Finance question/advice needed. Should we change our payment due dates?
Can I convince my landlord to accept rent as down payment?
Is this an appropriate strategy for building credit? (College student, zero previous credit)
Can SO use a 529b as a vehicle to pay grad school on the spot to earn a tax deduction?
What are the logistics of moving to another state?
Just read 'The Richest Man In Babylon'. Where can one invest money saved from small wages?
My dad wants me to move out in four years, after university. What should I be doing now to prepare?
After death of father, what should I do with his 403b?
When determining LT Cap Gains bracket, is it averaged over investment period?
Forgot to close old bank account: $168.14 in the red. Bank closed it for me. Help?
Tax question... which of these two scenarios will be more beneficial?
20k Credit Card that I never use. Cancel or Not?
New job with real salary. Payoff debt or start emergency fund?
Investment using Acorns?
I'm a stay-at-home spouse (still looking for a job). Can I contribute to Roth IRA?
Using a 18 months no interest credit card to buy a new gaming computer?
Is there something wrong with retirement investment calculator?
When do Credit Scores Generally Improve?
Do I need to claim my girlfriend's portion of rent as income on my taxes?
Vetr - Crowd sourced recommendations for stocks. Your thoughts? Are their ratings reliable?
Pay extra on student loans or open a Roth IRA (or both)?
What is the best way to protect my assets before getting married?
Best way to save for a down-payment on a house?
Does paying off a credit card purchase IMMEDIATELY after the purchase, in any way, affect your credit score? Or is it only affected during your payments (or lack of) at the end of the billing cycle when the payment is actually due?
what have YOU used an emergency fund for?
Should I sell my vehicle to pay off credit card debt?
Healthcare write-off?
How much yearly income should a family of four expect to have, in order to comfortably live while putting money in savings? (more inside)
Want to make extra money in the side. What are some ideas to do in my free time/at my day job?
Effect On Credit Score Inquiry?
How much do prepaid credit cards help your credit? What other alternatives are there for building credit?
Can I make an automatic budget on Mint.com from just 1 of my checking accounts?
Would you give out your child's social security number to grandparents?
Dear Personal Finance, are there any good documentaries you would recommend watching?
(CA) Possible to pay rent/school through loans?
How much are job benefits (pension, health insurance, stocks, etc) worth?
Helping my girlfriend manage her debt. Should we consolidate her cards?
What benefits do businesses get by paying fortnightly?
At what level of net worth does an umbrella liability insurance policy make sense?
Should I choose this HDHP/HSA Plan over a traditional?
Should I continue to put money into my used car or consider getting a new/used car?
How can I get a home equity loan with bad credit?
I have about $8,000 in a retirement account from a previous employer. Should I roll it into a Roth IRA?
Is it worth to buy $2500 in stocks?
Excluding stocks/housing investment choices, what is your biggest financial regret to date?
What's the best way to tackle my car loan?
I have a secure credit card. Should I close it and open one with perks?
How come everyone's expense list is so simple?
Recently came into a windfall -- how does r/personalfinance feel about private bankers? Also, how to best help a parent in this situation? (Long!)
Need advice for rebuilding credit--wait it out or is there something I can do now? Details in summary.
Going to have extra money, what to pay toward first? (US)
Is it too late? Bankruptcy? Consolidation? Help!
Court Summons - What kind of layout would you use to respond to a court summons regarding a past due debt?
[US][MA] Very complicated income tax situation, where are all the IRS guys?
What Is The Best Way To Pay Down My Credit Cards For a Better Credit Score?
Buy a house, keep renting, or aggressively pay off debt?
I was just deeded oil rights. Where should I put the money?
Other than Expense Ratio, what are the pros and cons of buying the ETF equivalent of an index fund? (ie., VTI vs. VTSMX) Assuming an investment of $3,000 (Enough for an investor share but not an admiral share)
Is this affordable for me? (Rent)
What credit cards do you carry with you? And why?
Retirement Planning. 25% into SEP?
Use online bank to store emergency fund?
Can you recommend me good personal banking software for iOS and OSX?
I need to consolidate and balance transfer CC debt. What's the best place to see my options?
For a college student, what would be sort of like "the 10 commandments" of personal finance to not only save money but to prepare for the future?
Close credit card, try to combine it, or ignore it?
Buying my parents' house - how to?
Don't upvote, Would someone take a look at my budget plan?
[Question] Withholding taxes and tax refunds?
I desperately need to save my credit score... or do I?
Buy a house cheap without concerns of moving?
First time getting/applying a credit card any advice?
Lifetime Learning Tax Credit - what does "nonrefundable" mean?
HELOC for renovation/improvement - what will I wish I'd thought of after the closing?
Just starting out in the real world. Advice?
[US, 20] Changing banks and relocating money, any advice?
Buying a home with student loans?
I'm a senior in H.S and my friends want me to rent a house with them when we graduate?
First Credit Card, Advice on how to use?
Is this really a good time to apply for my first CC?
None of my income is taxed and thus don't qualify for Tax Advantaged accounts. What to do?
Will tax on the forgiven student loans have to be made lump sum? Or is there going to be a payment plan?
Creditors closing unused lines of credit?
I'm 16 with a 401(k) what should I do?
Made a goodwill under the table agreement with a guy and now he won't pay me, any options I may have?
Is claiming exempt on regular paycheck earnings to invest the additional $ a smart idea?
how / if pay taxes on cash paying job?
Financial well-being too soon?
What do you use to track your finances? Is mint still good or does it suck after being bought?
I have about $156 in a 401(k) and I'm about to leave my employer. Is it worth trying to roll it over?
US, 26yo. Best options for $30k in cash and $125k in other assets?
Tips on earning side-money/creating a second income? (Student)
21 Year old Male Being financially crippled from past mistakes and choices. What are my options?(UK)
Wife's employer will match 33% of her salary towards 403b Contributions??
Currently a second-year undergraduate student. What can I do to prepare for paying med school tuition?
Renting vs buying a co op - First time home buyer - What do I need to know?
Supporting parents financially: How far is too far?
Just got my second credit card - now what?
Is it possible to convert a traditional TSP account to an IRA with Vanguard?
Getting married next year. Can we both contribute to a Roth IRA?
I have a college Mutual Fund of 11k left over but I am getting ready to graduate... wat do?
(US) What will help my credit the most?
What is standard policy for setting up kids college savings account with regards to parental ownership?
Is $53 a week a normal rate for health insurance?
How to prepare financially for a spouse with a chronic medical condition?
What's a good formula to live by as far as keeping money in savings, stocks, other?
Moved to a different state mid year. What do I need to do for my taxes?
Is debt consolidation an acceptable option?
I have to fix this.. Making it on a near minimum wage job?
I have roughly 12k in loans, no credit debt, and go to school full time. What should I pay towards first?
Can you invest too much of your salary?
Bought a new car with 0% apr, are there any benefits in paying it off early?
My employee referral bonus was taxed at over 50%, is this right?
How to making the most of my $ with no 401k available?
Wife lost a check - what steps to take?
Using VA Loan for Multifamily Housing?
So....100% Allocation on S&amp;P 500?
Life Insurance keep or get rid of?
Roth IRA as an early savings vehicle?
I think I might be screwed financially forever. Help?
(UK) How can I improve my credit score?
Considering leaving my phone contract and getting on a monthly plan instead, pros and cons?
I want to save for a down payment on a house, but it seems like it will take YEARS. I don't want to throw away money on rent for that long! How can I save faster? (CA)
Credit Card Autopay - Good or Bad? Details inside
I am 19 and want to start building up a credit score to acquire student loans. What is the best way to do this? (US)
Is upgrading to a Southwest Premier Credit Card a good choice?
My parents were on holiday and ended up in hospital. Travel insurance has refused to cover them. Now what?
How Many Lines Of Credit Should One Have?
How is everyone's food budget so low? Help!
Does it make any sense what-so-ever to buy a new car instead of used?
How is everyone's food budget so low? Help! (HI)
Trying to raise credit score? Get Credit Card?
I would like to get my financial house in order : Where to find personal finance advisement or consulting that is unbiased ?
How is everyone else's food budget so low? Help! (HI)
(Illinois) What exactly constitutes a credit check? A potential employer wants to do a credit check on me through an outfit called InfoMart.
Questions about paying for college. Taking out loans or paying as I go?
Judgment for account no longer in collections/on credit report?
GA: Should my husband walk away from the house or do we have other options? (xpost r/legaladvice)
Removing a mark on your credit?
In your budgeting, do you consider payments to mortgage principal to be an "expense"?
Is getting a credit card from a Federal Credit Union have any disadvantage compared to big banks like Chase/BOA/Discover/Citi/AmEx?
(US) What is the taxable rate for the interest on a cashed bond?
Should I let my parents claim me as a dependent?
Have you used your PF skills as a volunteer, and if so, what was your experience?
Cetera Financial Group: Anyone have experience with this company?
Should my wife return to work following baby, temporarily in regards to health insurance?
Midcareer stall, sizable cash load, what should I do?
Debt from outta left field,please help me out?
Company relocation counting as income for tax purposes?
Dad wants to retire soon, has lots of assets but no cash. Possible?
Should I have gotten a raise?
Best way to transfer money?
Selling company stock in portfolio, what are the tax implications?
Court fines in collections. Does the 7 year rule apply?
Am I saving up correctly?
Is &lt; $150 a month on groceries bad for 1 person?
Saving for a home- what can I afford realistically?
How much can I spend on a car?
Any downside of multiple 401ks?
Hired though staffing company, what is considered my salary in respect to annual raises and what's considered a good raise?
Do I own stock? How do I check up on it?
Fighting identity theft on behalf of someone else?
Just got a call that I'm hired for my first job ever. Tips on what I need to be doing with my finances?
How much do you spend per month on groceries?
Retirement assets of most Americans peaked in 2004. Maybe harvest gains earlier?
$20,000 towards accumulated interest or $16k 7.9% loan?
Rollover while employed for lower expense ratios?
Is this HSA/Insurance Combo double-dipping?
21 Y/O Student in 7K Debt, what Advice would you give yourself when you were my age?
Free $150 Amazon gift card when you refer six people. Maybe we can all help each other out? Credit sesame.com
How much could/should I spend on rent?
Applied for the chase freedom credit card and was denied, want to apply for the lower slate credit card, how long should I wait?
[24, WA] Suggestions on car?
Starting My own business, while also working part-time: what to do?
Not sure if this is the best place to ask, but is aliexpress.com legit?
What's the point of buying life insurance if you have no dependents?
What options do you have when you're upside down on a car loan by $1000 but still want to sell it?
Need car. Buy cash or finance?
Repair or buy a new laptop?
401k rollover to roth. Anyway to use stock loss?
Shopping around for car insurance, one of the companies is about half that of the other ones. Is there something I'm missing here? This seems fishy
Am I managing my income in an intelligent manner?
Starting a six-figure salary job with six-figure debt: pay it as fast as possible, re-finance, or something else?
When you have debt, does it still make sense to have a "six-month emergency fund"?
Using IBR for student loans under PSLF program - is there any reason to actually try to pay these off?
New job, 42% tax rate. Is there any way to mitigate this?
Medical insurance options for a very low income adult student?
Comcast sent a closing charge to collections?
Surprise! I have a Suntrust credit card. Any options?
On the right track? Thanks, gang
Student looking to buy a car. Need advice for my best options? (CAN)
Regarding commission-based pay, do I have a right to see the financial statement its based on?
First job offer out of college. Should I counter offer?
What to do with new income from a raise?
Should I pay off the rest of my student loans?
Can your credit get knocked without your SSN being given out?
Trying to earn money on the side? Here's why your rates should be (and can be) higher than they currently are
Early adult/financial tips that would be great for the long run/starting out? I just do not want to struggle with money like my parents did.
28 years old - $75,000 in my 401k and $45,000 left on my mortgage. Would it be smarter to borrow against my 401k and repay myself, or reduce my contribution rate to company match and use the difference on my mortgage?
Continue 1 1/2 years at job to pay off all school loans or leave for to increase standard of living?
Getting 2 associates degrees at once - worth it?
What should I be doing with my finances?
Pay off student loans or wait? Credit score related.
2014 has not been my year. It's time to cleanup my finances. Help?
Should I create a corporation for my timecards and 1099s?
Is there any way to transfer money from Paypal to Skrill, Entropay etc? Sorry if this has been asked before.
Paying off student loans vs increasing savings/investing?
To close, or not to close?
What should I do with the 401(k) from my old employer?
Experiences with private banking?
Can we afford to buy this house? Physician with student loan debt.
$50k in 7 months repaid, now debt free... what now? (Canada)
Should I buy out my land contract or walk away?
As a college student, how can I go about finding a Jewish man who can help get my finances in order?
Is it worth it to major in music education?
Should I close my credit card accounts once I pay them off?
Group Term Life Insurance vs Level Term?
The old "buy now or rent and save?"
I can't tell if it's been a year since I checked my credit report. Will I be billed for downloading my latest credit report?
How much money can I really save a month?
Sell home to payoff debt, or make payments?
Is it even possible to get 12% return as dave Ramsey says?
Advice needed on choosing funds? Roth 401k with 4% employer match.
Has anybody used Simple? What's your thoughts on it?
Own a Business Today &amp; Run it from Home, Beside Your Job?
I'm an American living in Russia being paid in Rubles. What should I do?
How would you invest 300k in order to achieve an annual 10% dividend over 10 years?
What are some finance tips for someone who is dependent on their parents?
What are some finance tips if a parent is dependant on the you, their child?
Chipped away at student loans – where else should I put my money?
As a 22 year old who wants to invest some money in stocks (or the like), where would be the best pace to start?
Best option to consolidate student loans for me?
Pro musician finance tips?
ETF instead of general savings/CD?
I received 30k in wedding gifts recently, where should i put this money for highest ROI?
How taxes are calculated for a Roth conversion?
Is there a Mint.com alternative that can automatically download transactions from both US accounts and international accounts?
Hey thanks for the great response on books! Anyone know any good documentaries about PF?
Transferring Money From Fidelity to Bank, What Steps Do I Have To Take?
Am I getting hosed/wasting my IRA?
Mint question - can I put multiple budgets under one larger umbrella budget?
34 years old; how should I invest my 401K after rolling over to Vanguard?
Aggressive growth mutual funds?
What would you have done differently at 25?
I just saw my credit score for the first time in months. Apparently, I have 11 open credit card accounts. Is there a site that shows where these cards belong, or better yet the history of each card?
How to resolve feeling bad to spend money?
What are some financial tips for a Canadian guy who's about to travel South East asia for two months, and then to australia on a one year work visa?
Is rolling over a company 401k to an IRA an incentive to quit?
ELI5 - Why would my tax rate be higher in retirement than it is now?
Do I need a Roth IRA and 401k?
Paying credit cards before amount shows on statement. Helping or hurting credit score?
Self-employed, am I doing this right?
New job, can someone help me make sense of my 401k?
Thoughts on Vanguard PRIMECAP admiral shares?
I have a TSP, 401a, union pension and Roth IRA. How else can I save for retirement?
Need to save/make $195 in 30 days, any hint how?
Have you had your budget analyzed by a stranger? (And other ramblings)
Personal Loan for job relocation?
How should I budget my spending in college?
I get a flat weekly rate for my internship that's considered "reimbursement." Will I get screwed over on taxes?
Mortgage or buy outright?
401K Investment Options...why not land?
Switched jobs, what to do with old 401k?
How do I invest in stocks?
Looking to buy a house with no credit history. (i will need a loan) Is this possible?
What are some things I can do now at 19 that will be beneficial later?
How much mortgage should we take on?
Is medical school financial suicide for me?
Where to start putting my money?
Are there any good reasons to not use my Vanguard Roth IRA as a medium-term savings account?
(UK) What kind of bank account should I use for a weekly budget?
Those who have decided to rent for a long term instead of buying a house, why did you make that decision and how did that decision pan out for you?
Best way to save money for short-term purposes?
Do you have an automated savings transfer set up? If not, what's stopping you?
Zero debt, zero savings, zero experience... Advice?
How to best pay off a 12 month/No Interest purchase?
How to start a 529 plan or another type of trust fund account for a young kid?
Can we afford this house in NJ?
How do I get out of two 401k loans without hurting my credit?
Asking to work part time?
When Car Lease Expires, what to do?
How to invest in yourself. Tools? Advice? Trying to figure out my next step.
After working 5 years in Australia, I am coming home to the USA... what to do with my AUD savings?
Go back to school or pay off student loan debt?
Can I live on $41K per year in Orange, CA?
How much will I pay in capital gains tax?
Is it appropriate to send things through the mail with full name and social security number?
I just started working at a car dealership. I want to eventually move into finance. I've got a liberal arts bachelors (i.e nothing financial related). What steps can I take to become more valuable/set myself up for that kind of transition?
I just started working at a luxury car dealership. I want to eventually move into the finance side of things there. I've got a liberal arts bachelors (i.e nothing financial related). What steps can I take to become more valuable/set myself up for that kind of transition?
What would you have done differently if could change just one thing at 30 years old, married, and (for curve ball sake, expecting a baby soon)?
I want to start saving for a house. Where should I start?
Help figuring out international wire fees?
What is the most efficient way to send money internationally?
How do you afford to be a stay at home parent?
(CA) Using RRSP towards Owner's Contribution for small business financing?
Should I contribute to my 401k?
What did you do right, at any age?
About to inherit $300k in a trust fund.. What are my options? (AUD)
is this budget out to lunch? am i setting myself up for failure?
Any Success Selling Things at Pawn Shops?
My SSN was publicly posted online. What should I do?
I am scared out of my mind, how could I have screwed up so soo badly?
Is there a way to get the names, and accounts for anything that has gone to collections?
Agreed to live with a friend next year. Haven't seen the lease yet or spoken with a landlord. She's asking for $600 to renew the lease for next year by tomorrow because the landlord is bugging her for it. Is it safe to give her the money?
What is the quintessential "So you're finally moving out of your parents' house" book for starting a brand new financial life?
Questions about car loans?
Is it a bad idea to give my bank account number online?
Wanting to buy a house while in university. Advice? Personal experiences?
Should I redo my FASFA?
What should I be focusing on?
Help! Will this actually work?
Lurker seeking help on Student Loans. I read the FAQs but don't understand anything. ELI5?
Is it possbile to get old (but still a current loan) student loan missed payments removed from credit report?
Am I saving enough?
What's stopping someone from taking out a 1000 dollar personal loan and paying it off to boost their credit score?
Quick question about balance transfer on card?
Young couple looking to start smart and strong looking for advice?
Saving up to travel the world with my husband for maybe 1 year. Advice please?
Graduate student, 25, where to (or should I?) start investing/saving for retirement?
What should a person be doing with their limited resources at 20?
How do I save money?
Is it "legal" to know and use your peer's salaries in a salary negotiation?
What's the best way to transfer a 401k plan after retirement?
When to get a new credit card?
Should I close my unused credit cards?
Age 22 - How to efficiently allocate savings? - Quick help.
What should I be doing with my money?
Dad needs large loan - should I?
Grew up with the "there will always be more money" attitude. About to turn 40 and I don't see any hope of a retirement. What can I possibly do to minimize the damage?
The new CSS... is it just me, or is it terrible?
A good book/course to thoroughly learn personal income taxes? (US)
Should I refinance to get lower interest rate?
Wait or buy a home? Hypothetical scenario.
Steadfast Apartment REIT, is this any good? (xpost to /r/investing)
Are financial advisers worth the money?
Is this property I'm holding a net gain or am I missing something and losing money?
Should I get a financial adviser or invest my money myself?
Applied for Discover it card. Options?
fastest way to improve credit rating?
Mom's cellphone got a call from Premier Credit and asked to me?
Is it a good idea to use a Roth IRA as a savings account/emergency fund?
"Cancelled" gym membership. Getting dicked around and now "owe" $600. What can I do?!
Marriage and credit scores? Serious replies only, please.
When are expense ratios calculated?
Too many issues with Wells Fargo, recommend a new bank?
Should I cancel life insurance policies?
Should I claim my wife's side-gig on taxes?
What do you think is best bank to get pre qualified for FHA loan nyc?
Inheriting multimillion at 22, what now?
What are your thoughts on Rolling Jubilee? They're buying up millions of dollars of student loan debt and then canceling it.
(CA) Certified "clean" investment?
Is it legal to use someone else's ATM card with their permission in order to transfer funds from savings to checking?
Installment Loans for improving credit score?
Mint.com safe to link to bank account?
Are FHA Mortgages still a reasonably viable option?
Low funds, new job, need to sell my car for winter?
Accidentally opened two credit cards from Capital One, I only need one. Do I keep them both?
How did my parent's new home get on my credit report?
Any advantage to a bank over a credit union?
Car loan first or rewards credit card?
It's almost the end of 2014. Do you know what your tax refund or taxes due will be?
Held liable for Dr's bill from 5 years ago. I was 14 at the time, is it legal to hold me liable?
Emergency fund or payoff debt?
Do any of the standard answers here change if I'm expecting to continue to make significant income when I retire?
Credit score impact of too many checking accounts?
How to invest $28 000 savings? (Student, CAN)
Can I apply for scholorships as an African American?
Why did my credit score just drop 80 points?
Is my budget sound?
Any way I cannot get taxed so much? (Serious Question)
How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company?
27 y/o student, very limited credit history, need to buy a car. Best option?
Am I saving enough?
Correct way to extend a personal loan?
Just got my first real job. I have student loans and need a new car. How should I go about this?
How badly will my pre-home purchase habits impact my borrowing ability?
Just got my first real job. I Have some debt and need a new car. How should I go about this?
Should I be considered a household employee, an independent contractor, or regular employee?
What advice can you give about investing to a high school senior?
Am I just completely screwed?
Withholding an amount on W4 or W2... does everything even out when one files taxes at the end of the tax year?
How best to save for future house and am I doing the right things?
Do I get a credit card or not? (au)
Delinquent Amazon store card payment. Am I freaking out over nothing?
Credit card debt consolidation...do it or don't?
Buying a House with Help from Family?
Got into a wreck with an 18 wheeler today, what can I expect?
Set up a utilities account - Received a notice of low credit, but credit report does not indicate any problems... What am I missing?
I have close to zero knowledge regarding personal finance/investing. What books do you recommend for me to pick up?
I only have $279 in my account. Can you please help me? Any advice would be super appreciated.
Healthcare?
Car Insurance shot up due to living abroad?
Sitting on money until April, what should I do? (CA)
Emigrating to the US from the UK - what should I know?
US Tax Experts: Can/Should I put my home in an LLC to take full advantage of the interest deduction?
How can I tell if the money in my bank account is fraudulent or not?
I commute 2:30 hours a day, still living at home trying to pay off my student loans quickly. Should I move soon or wait 5-6 months so that I can pay the loans off quicker?
Is having a month-to-month (off contract) phone plan cheaper than have a contract?
Advice on fixing credit: What to tackle?
Just got a job offer but the starting pay seems low?
Credit fix priority help?
Where should my down payment money live?
Grandmother has 45000 in debt because of drug addicted daughter. Where to start?
Both parents got laid off from their job. They are 57. I am a graduate student. What to do?
Sister-in-law is a mess, trying to get through to her how much trouble she is in, but I'm not sure. It's pretty bad though. Can someone help me explain? (Canada)
I guess now would be a good time for a rebalance? [x-post /r/PersonalFinanceCanada]
How much should I save for taxes as a camgirl? 1099 taxes?
What financial advice would you give a couple that is planning to have their first child and buy a house?
In-Laws took out a Universal Variable Life Insurance out for their daughter (my wife now) when she was 17. Trying to figure out if making the monthly no lapse premium of $70 is sustainable? (xpost /r/insurance)
What's the magic number for credit utilization?
I will be graduating from college soon and have multiple job offers, what do I need to consider when making this decision?
Does income splitting make spousal RRSP's redundant? (Canada)
Need professional debt help, student loan specifically, where do I turn?
Soon to be college grad (and YUPPIE) - can I afford a car?
Soon to be college grad (and yuppie) - can I afford to buy a car?
How can I sell my handful of stocks in the most easy way?
What amount counts as "too much under-withholding" on tax (via your w2/w4) that you'll become penalized?
How to start investing when young with little money?
Feel like I have too many accounts open. Should I close some?
The only reason I haven't gone to college is because I'm afraid of student loans, is there a point where they are necessary?
Credit card company taking me to court for debt. I'm completely broke with zero assets and no job. What should I expect?
Mom just received $100,000 in work disability, what next?
Saving too much?
First job out of college, questions regarding finances, tips?
Any reason not to roll an ESOP over to an IRA?
I reimbursed myself from my HSA for no apparent reason - now what? (US)
Is it worth paying down interest on student loans while they are deferred?
Roll over Solo 401k to SEP?
Should I pay off my student loans in a big lump sum?
Eliminating Accrued Interest- Focusing on Principal?
Question... how can I turn money into MORE money?
23 M Should I be saving already?
Italian traffic fines on an American credit report?
Car engine has seized and need a replacement asap; 24, no student debt, $500 CC debt and $245 tax lien. Where's a good place to start?
Buy or rent?
Should you take a payroll deduction for transportation expenses under any/all circumstances?
~$8000 in ESPP. Use it to pay student debt (~7%) or put it in Vanguard index?
Roughly $116,000 in Student Loan debt. Really struggling despite a solid income. Where do I go from here?
What is your target retirement age?
Should I do income based student loan repayment? I may qualify for public service loan forgiveness.
Parents have given me money to pay off student debt ($23k). Is it wise to pay off all at once or not?
Loans or credit cards?
18. Australian, what should I do with my small savings and pay checks?
Is it worth using your full qualified mortgage amount for a better property?
Rent vs. Buy: How does renting and buying affect wealth?
Resume advice for a college-dropout who's only held one serious job?
Still haven't filed 2013 taxes, what to do?
Credit: Does spending more build more credit?
Pension plus Roth?
Starting a savings in a Mutual Fund with VG?
Amazon Store Credit. To get or not to get?
My accounts are all over the place... how can I simplify?
[Auto] (How) can I sell my financed car without the cash to pay it off first?
What happens when you find out your parents are broke?
Can someone tell me the pros and cons of this mutual fund? I can't find "expense ratios" or the cost of owning it.
Medical bills from when I was 17 went into collections under my name, I didn't even know about it. What to do?
Grad. student with 10.7K in student loans. Should I pay it off now since the loans are in deferment? More details inside.
How important are old credit card accounts?
How do I make creditors contact me in writing only? (US)
27/m, Optimal Choice between these two HSA options?
Can marriage affect my credit score?
Fidelity 401k Options?
Does anyone know any good credit checking websites that won't hit your score?
Time to cash in my EE savings bonds and move them to another investment?
Looking to grow the small amount I have wisely. What do I need to do?
I turn 18 tomorrow. What do you wish you did when you were 18?
[US] Help me! Should I consolidate my CC Debt?
I have over $2,000 in cash. If I deposit this into my bank, will there be any problems or questions?
Help me auto insurance shop?
BofA Visa Travel Rewards or Amex Gold Card?
Regarding this MoneyMustache link, how is he saving this much money in just index funds?
How can I accurately figure out my tax refund?
Should we pull money from life insurance for house down payment?
How Much Do You Give Away?
Pay off loans, continue with savings, make higher monthly payments, or some combination?
Am I crazy to think I would be able to afford a house?
How do taxes work when you work outside of your residential state?
Old 401K balance. Where to put it? New 401K, or IRA?
Recommendations for a grad student with no debt and some CDs?
Who here has a "side gig"? What do you do with that money?
Will using a credit card under which I'm an authorized user improve my credit score?
Remove credit accounts I never used from credit history?
New to budgeting and having any money. How should I go about paying my loans but saving for a family? Priorities?
Should I try to strike a deal with my landlord?
Would it be a bad idea to quit work to finish school?
Can I play the system like this? Health insurance question.
Experience opening a Coverdell ESA account?
Down over 40% (-200k) in a stock. Makes up majority of my portfolio. What to do?
Advice needed: Does it make sense to buy a home? [25Y, Bay Area]
How many savings accounts do you have? What are the designations for each?
Insurance company has settled. I will receive around $360k, give or take, after lawyers, doctors. Where do I go from here?
How easy is it to pay American bills from Australia? (AU/USA)
Is there a calculator to figure the cost of a parent going to college on nights and weekends vs paying for childcare and going to college during the day?
What to do with cash being saved for a down payment?
Cashing in deceased Dad's life insurance policy on me-taxable?
Am I doing it right?
Best option to refinance student loans?
(US) Personal IT job for some extra money?
New grad, looking to move out, but can I afford it? Rent excluding utilities is just about 1/3 of gross income, but still kind of paranoid, advice/suggestions welcomed!
Roth IRA, married, files tax jointly, what's the yearly contribution?
How much debt should I put myself in?
I am a 19 year old undeserving millionaire and I have no idea what to do. Can I please get some advice on where to start?
Can I back out of this purchase?
Should I report my coworker for tax fraud?
How to spend $800 for 'Learning and Development' most effectively?
(UK) Buying a house as my first property?
Best type of student loans?
Settle, at my 403(b)'s expense?
457b rollover to Roth IRA - Is it worth it?
My old company called me yesterday with a tempting offer. How do I go about negotiating this?
Would there be interest in an AMAA from a Financial Planning Specialist (CFP/CAP)?
About to go to grad school while working full-time...should I use my savings or take a loan out?
College student with ~$200/month free to invest/save. What should I do?
How much of your monthly income should go to a car payment?
ELI5: What is the downside to buying a mutual fund RIGHT NOW that is about to give capital gains distributions?
Acorns - an app that rounds up purchases and puts change in investment portfolios. Is it a good idea?
I'm a shareholder of an C-corp Bank that is trying to switch over to a S-corp. What are my pros?
Going to medical school with about $60k in savings. Should I spend it all to cover my tuition before taking out loans?
Is it bad to buy a ring with a check?
23 years old. What is the next step?
What's the best way to invest 100 dollars?
Is the Motley Fool any longer a trusted source of objective info? What is a better replacement?
Affirm sucks. Any alternate ideas?
Since Finance really isn't taught in High school what principles, rules, and advice do you guys have coming from a Finance point of view?
Converted old 401K into Trad IRA. Rollover to Roth?
How do you balance 3-5 yr purchases with long term (retirement-oriented) investing?
Improving Credit Score for Job?
Should I start classes at WSU starting January and take out student loans or should I wait until August, when I will get grants and scholarships?
Do I have a credit score?
Help me optimize my credit cards?
Flexible Spending Account (Medical FSA)- should I participate?
Do I Need To "Payroll" Myself for a Solo401K?
When will loan/CC payoffs show up on my credit report?
Is Credit Score influenced by negative balances on Credit Cards?
Should I put my pension lump sum payout into a traditional IRA or Roth IRA?
I have terrible parents who have possibly ruined my credit without me knowing. How can I check this?
NQ ESPP dispositions taxed twice?
ESPP or 401k?
How can I prove my debt is paid? I have been contacted by debt collectors (UK)
Is MySavingsDirect as awesome as it's said to be?
What do I do with the Dispute item?
Is it possible to retroactively add money to a Roth IRA?
A Win Wednesday maybe?
I'm 24 and about to come into some money. Need advice?
Am I asking too much in seeking a 20% raise?
My sister has a 2014 Ford Focus &amp; already want's to trade it in &amp; get an SUV due to MN snow, would this be a good idea financially? (Details inside)
Aiming to buy a house ten to twelve months - too early to speak to mortgage advisors?
(UK) £200k in a trust account, value dwindling, want to buy property w/ these funds and others. Ideas?
Best way to pay back ~10K in student loans? Grace period ends 11/15...Is it a bad idea to start looking for a new job?
(ELI5) What is IRR and how is it useful for looking at investments?$9
Other things I can do to financially improve?
Should I pay off my student loans? Can i afford to buy a car?
When does paid dept come off of my credit score?
Cashing in EE series bonds, am I doing this right?
Looking for an app/service that will give me a place to stash away short-term savings separate from my own bank. Recommendations?
What do you guys think of Franklin Income Class A account?
How do I avoid being the next bankruptcy for being taken to the wrong hospital while unconscious?
Water/Sewage bill. How is it calculated and how can we cut down?
Is there a type of investment package that allows you to pay into it monthly but is locked similar to a CD to help attain a higher interest rate?
Student, 22. Should I get a new car?
21 and in debt, struggling to land a job..help?
What's the worst personal finance decision you've seen a friend or family member make? Have you given up on giving advice?
Want to purchase a home... Should I take risk that PSLF will still be around? Or start paying heavy now?
What are my best options?
Should I roll over my 401(k) to my Roth IRA and pay $12,500 in income tax?
Financially sound plan for buying a house?
26, Canadian, Possibly returning to university with minimal savings, whats the best thing to do with the tiny amount of money I have?
Shameful financial situation. What to do?
Am I paying too much for long term disability insurance? $175/mo for a benefit payment of 8,200/mo should I become injured
I am 26 and want to invest for the short term. What alternatives do I have other than short term CD?
Can a 529 be used to pay for room and board for ONLINE school? Sources?
What does it mean to streamline an FHA backed Mortgage?
I need to park $100K+ somewhere for three months at no risk. What are my options besides the obvious ones?
Continue to pay down one of my student loans OR dip into my savings to to completely pay off that loan?
what credit card do i need?
Closing my bank account. Anything I need to be aware of?
Inheritaed $38k, now what?
I would like to buy a motorcycle. I'm 15, going to be 16 in 5 months. Is there any way, on a high school salary that I would be able to afford it?
I've been collecting unemployment checks but just found a job, what should I expect?
How can this Vanguard US bond fund have a 10-year return average of over 6% when even the longest-term Treasury rates have been below that level for the entire time?
I want to start planning my finances young, any advice?
Is taking a loan from Bank for my startup a good idea?
Stay in Grad school post-graduation to teach &amp; learn, or head to the job market?
Sigh...another college question (SRY!): I have no student debt, one semester left, BUT I now am starting to have financial difficulty, which is affecting my grades and mental health. I want my nest semester to be as stress free as possible. What can I do as far as loans go?
Stuck with the infamous STC Series 7 material, any color?
Am I screwing myself by getting a Health Science degree?
Cost Basis on Inheritance?
Hoping for the investment advice. Going to start a new job next year, and I see myself having savings. I was wondering where my money can make me the most return?
Multiple Credit Entries From Single Student Loan Lender on Credit Report, Any Recourse?
What degree should I pick to maximize profit/fun ratio and not be in a lot of debt?
Anyone use the app Acorns?
Is it fair for student loan debt to be forgiven by the gvt?
Curious Question: How does disability claim work?
About to go to college next year...Help me out?
I have $60K+ in student loans (one year plus overdue) &amp; ~$3K in credit card debt (from 2008). I make about $1.7k / month. I know nothing about personal finance. Where do I begin?
What's a good bank to switch to?
I am 25 years. I recently quit my job to go back to college full time. Am I making the right decision?
New job, employer does not offer a 401(k) match, should I go for an IRA?
Is it a good idea to use financial aid to pay off credit card debt?
What drives you to be financial strong?
Should I pay off my student loan? Low interest rate
I sold my home and I just received a check for $90k. What should I do?
Pay off loans, buy a house, quit Big Law, none of the above?
23, $11,500 in debt, $0 in savings, at the start if my career, need enough money to move to the other side of the world at the end of next year. How do I do it?
Could you briefly summarize for me the student-debt thing in USA? I live in Australia and things seems pretty different here.. :/
Graduating med school debt free?
Should I switch from Roth IRA to Traditional IRA?
Las Vegas crazy night, CC transactions adding up to over $2500, 2000 of it I cannot recall + possible roofied?
I am 25 years old. Last year I quit my job to go back to college full time. Does it make sense to go deeper into debt just to get out of it?
Considering a $40k pay cut. How bad of an idea is this?
16 year old with $6k in bank - How to maximize my finances?
23 y/o, 80k/yr income, debt free. Traditional or Roth 401k???
How do I know what APR I will get? Sorry if super noob question.
Is it worth starting an IRA if you are not sure whether you will be living in the U.S. in the future or not?
24 y/o M with 25k in savings, making 42K gross yearly as a Paramedic, no debt. Currently renting apartment at 400/mo, considering buying a home within a year. Thoughts and financial advice?
Risks of Saving money?
Purchased a home this year. What do I need to know about taxes?
What shoul I do finacially after I drop out of college?
Trying to buy a car. I have great credit scores but my credit history isn't long enough. Help?
Should I sell my car?
I'd really appreciate opinions - should I buy out my uncle's 50% stake in a house, move in and do it up for two years then buy the remainder from my father?
Tips for paying for college without loans?
[serious] Should I drop out of school?
I think I did something wrong with taxes. Can anyone look? [USA]
Book: MONEY Master the Game 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom by Tony Robbins. Thoughts ?
Has anyone ever moved from a 1st world country to a "3rd World" or much cheaper Country?
How much is enough to start looking into more complex investment? Inheritance advice (AU)
Changing employers. How can I best manage my cashout of $24,000 in order to purchase a home next year?
Left job with $950 in 401k. Merrill Lynch sent me a check for $750, after 20% taxes taken out. What do I do with this?
Consolidating Student Loans, any advice?
Do I have to mess with USA taxes (dual nationality)?
[RANT] Where the hell do people get off??
Is this 401k after tax to roth ira confusing anyone else too?
What financial questions should we work out before getting married?
What exactly is required for a private mortgage?
Silver or cash?
What to do with credit cards for financing?
Is settling a minor auto incident with cash so bad?
My husband and I pay different bills but share the expenses, how can I easily track this?
Payroll lower than expected?
Safety Net vs. Loan Repayment - Does my strategy make sense?
Pursuing further education (funded by employer) while currently in debt?
Is it absurd to reduce 401k contribution for next 12 months to help increase down payment percentage on home purchase next year?
When is a good time to sell your stocks? Bought IMAX at $5 and it is at $31 right now
Advice for planning for the Next Few Years (US, a variation on "I have 'x' amount what should I do?")
Best Free Business Checking for LLC?
Can I get some advice on investment properties? (CANADA)
How can I remove myself as a cosigner on an auto loan?
Completely pay off school loans or leave small portion to build credit score?
I filed a chargeback two months ago and cancelled my credit card, now my bank aren't send me a new card. What should I do? (TR)
Are e-interact transfer payments from employers tax deductible?(CA)
Company now provides a 401k with no match, I've heard of Roth IRAs and IRAs; whats the best option?
Is my employer required by law to allow me to enroll in our Simple IRA?
How do I make my money go farther?
Mortgage question. Should we take out a bigger loan than we need?
35 years old. 60k in student loan debt. 8k in back taxes. Make 35k a year. What should I do?
I've been tracking every expense for the last 3 weeks in YNAB. Now what?
Pre owned Car dealer or online pre owned?
24 years old, steady job. Where do I keep my savings? Bank, mutual fund, stock, 401k?
I'm 23, making $2,000/month, and I want to begin investing. Advice?
Job Offer - Health Insurance?
Cheapest way to transfer money between international bank accounts?
Paying off mortgage question: Is it a worthwhile use of spare money to make extra little payments as much as possible towards the principal?
Transfer Schools? (Cost vs Quality)(US)
Debt free, what next?
SO's Mother does not want to let go of her money, even if she can´t handle it - how to help SO? (DE)
A lot of my friends (early-to-mid-20's) are buying houses in Southern California. I'm 26, with a good income, and have no interest in buying a house. I don't understand how anyone can afford it! Is there something that I'm missing? I feel so... behind...
To buy or not to buy (a house)?
Is there a way I can claim back mileage on my drive to and from the office? (UK)
I'm in a lot of financial trouble right now, what are my options?
Throwaway: Bought a condo years back, can no longer afford mortgage. What are my options?
Should I take this job offer despite a potential cut?
What is the easiest way to boost your income?
What value do I put on a defined-benefit pension?
What to do with cashiers check for dead person?
What to do about credit cards while in college?
I'm a sub contractor, any advice on knowing what you're worth and getting it?
When you finally ended your academic career (college/grad/MBA/Med/Etc), how big was your student loan debt and what interest rate? Would you refinance for lower rate?
$700 in collections on my credit report - is it worth paying off?
How to calculate tuition?
Hi PF, I've listened to you guys and have done everything "right" for almost 3 years...now what?
Low interest loan. Pay off quickly, or sit on the extra money and make minimum payments?
Add Discover IT card?
Just got a job offer today. Should I leave my current job?
ATM machine transaction ends in "communication error". No cash dispensed, no receipt, but money withdrawn from bank account. What should I do? (BR)
I will qualify for Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) in 5 years. $180k balance on loans, $75k estimated balance after 5 years. Is this a no-brainer? Am I missing any major potential downsides? $75k "free money"??
Contributing to two IRA years January-April?
27, Decent Job, No Debt, What to do?
Just got the email invite from Robinhood. What do you guys think about this app (pros/cons), and what's the catch?
I have a question regarding Payday Loan advancement establishments and how/why they would be calling me to see "if I'm still interested"?
Canceled my debit card with a pending charge, now what?
Anyone Else having issues with Mint?
Should I put off school and work full time? Help please.
33M and 25F Married, no debt except 153k on the mortgage, 10k in savings, 15k in 401k, what now?
Balancing paying off a mortgage and investing?
Which is better financially/professionally: w2 contractor with no benefits or w9 IC?
Second year college student and parents told me they are no longer willing to pay for school, where do I go from here?
Chase Bank adviser told me I have to pay 4.5% for a Roth IRA. Is it true?
I am 3.8k in credit card debt. Does it make sense to take a personal loan to save 3% on interest? Young, dumb, and new to loans.
What kind of investments should I put in an after-tax 401k both before and after I roll it over?
Tax implications of selling a piece of land?
Would a 403(b) annuity account be the right choice over an IRA or traditional savings account?
My son is 18 and got his license. Insurance contacted me saying I need to add him to our plan. He barely drives and It would be financially terrible for us to add him. Is it illegal not to add him?
What am I looking at when my benefit enrollment guide is telling me that $50K+ Life Insurance is a taxable benefit?
Where can I find a Financial Adviser which doesn't work for a fee? (US)
Pharmacy Tech eligible for profit sharing, what should I do?
Making investments via my children, for me.. is that legal?
Anyone have experience with JetBlue business credit card? Pros? Cons?
Can someone with terrible credit get an auto loan from a dealership?
Noob guy here in his mid-20's. Just started my first major job, and my company has this '[Company Name] 401(k) Plan'. In it I have the opportunity to invest in various Fidelity funds. How do I invest?
Which is more important? To be debt free? Or to have the proper emergency funds in place?
I am wanting to return to school, cannot because of parents' IRS debt, any options?
Sell or Stay?
Do I put in for a promotion after recently accepting another?
Inheritance - Would I benefit from working with a Certified Financial Planner?
If I have my girlfriend pay utilities, that are in my name, do I claim that amount of money as income? (CA)
Sell depreciated stocks in 2014 and appreciated stocks in 2015?
Pay for Delete - No response?
Possible for someone to do illegal activity with a check?
Why should I contribute more to my HSA, rather than just meet the deductible?
What college courses are best to learn more about PF?
Should I invest everything into the new ISIS currency?
First job after college - where to prioritize?
One 457(b), one 401(k) - both low balances, and another 401(k) on the way from new job. What's the best course of action?
How much money should teenagers with jobs be saving?
Wife and I both have student loans, should we file taxes separately?
Debt counselling charity financially supported by cash converters - a conflict of interest?
Should I accept my family's offer to lend money for a mortgage down payment? (CA)
Help, Discovercard says my FICO score has dropped 20 points over the last 3 months, why?
Recently married, 34, no debt, no mortgage, just received $100k inheritance. Now What?
AT&amp;T cell phone bill. Do they hire all their sales agents off the shadiest used card lot?
Can there be any adverse financial effects from overusing your health insurance?
Which simple ira funds should I invest in?
Article: Why aren't Millennials Saving Money?
Is there anything I should consider before moving my savings to a higher yield online bank?
Could this be right?
First job making 65k a year with 87k student loan debt, where should the $ go?
Is it better to retire twice, with two pensions, or work twice as long for one retirement?
Student Loan Question - is it possible to make extra payments to principle?
Best Credit Card For Consumer Protection?
Should I take advantage of the weak euro to move my debts from Ireland to the US?
Transferring student loan to lower interest, interest-only credit line?
Thoughts on 0% Down Mortgage?
[BE] How to manage bank money? Invest or save?
HSA/high-deductible health plan or conventional plan? Do the math.
Insurance Claim: Is it a bad idea to start without a lawyer?
Company Stock Options: Vesting/Exercising?
Feedback on my investments/retirement plan?
Late start - Roth IRA or Roth TSP?
Made a mistake, is it worth fixing?
Are the "Federal Reserve Overdraft Rules" law? BofA is not following them.
Account sent into collections - CA is actually another finance place and my account is accruing interest? How?
What is your "Do as I say, not as I do" tip when it comes to responsible financial decisions?
Parents in debt; want to spend inheritance. Should I say anything?
Can someone ELI5 why my credit score has gone down? I have two store specific credit cards, student loans, and a card my father uses under my name. Every single payment has been on time and I have had at least one credit line for five years. Why did it dip below 700 all of a sudden?
How to budget during the holidays? (or at all)
What are methods of obtaining short term loans without a credit score? (CA)
I just realized my credit union is charging me $1 for each transaction when I swipe or use my PIN, which is potentially hundreds of dollars a year. Any suggestions for a switch?
What should I realistically expect from mortgaging a condo?
Should I trust my verizon fios bill?
What is the best major bank/company to start a Roth IRA at?
Pay In Full or Continue Monthly Payments?
Put More Money Down on Mortgage or Invest?
Should I buy a condo?
Is it ethical? Landlord is selling house. His broker brought in a friend who offered lowball bid towards end of contract.
Should I roll my 401(k) into my TSP?
I was terminated from my job yesterday, I know it's time to move on.. how do I handle my lease?
What are some different ways to add income streams?
Lost Social Security Numbers- What "Life Lock" - like options do I have?
Why does it cost THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS to apply to medical school?
I recently started a new job this week and there's about 3 pay periods left. What's the most I could put in my 401(k) for year 2014?
Why does this bank account (PC Financial) have no banking fees? Is it good? (CA)
Am I safe to spend?
Is it possible for me to finish my bio undergrad, and pursue a financially relevant masters degree? Would I have a chance at a job without a finance related undergrad?
Do you have to file for bankruptcy if you do a voluntary repossession?
Throw all my money at Student Debt, or make an Emergency Fund first??
What do people think of Charles Schwab checking accounts?
Does history with a bank offer any financial advantage?
Investing vs. Paying extra towards mortgage?
How does one go about trading in a vehicle that is still being financed and switching the loan over to a new vehicle?
Deposited check twice, once at Bank of America, once at Merrill Lynch. Check was funded twice, then both banks reversed after I reported it. Now neither will fund my check after 3 months of having it funded. No help by either institution, they point fingers at each other. What can I do?
Can I refinance a student loan after consolidation?
Received a check I'm sure will bounce. Is there any way to get the money out of it without having to pay a fee?
Can my employer take my tips?
[Q] (US) Discover Checking Card worth getting?
Friend is $102k in debt, making $47k/yr. Can you give her advice?
When you have to pay state tax like in California and are making 90K, is it better to use 401k Traditional instead of 401k Roth?
Is it possible to take a home equity loan if I co-signed for someone else's mortgage?
I feel like we are being practical to a fault, and missing out on life. How to find the balance?
Does the $20 yearly fee for less than $10k in a mutual fund make that much of a difference?
Telecommunications company is merging; New company has no pension plan but will not let me touch the money from old company's pension plan. Do I have any options?
Does a Payday loan help/hurt one's credit score?
I have a simple BoA credit card with a 700 limit, should I get a different card with rewards?
I want to leave/close all accounts at BofA and move to Chase to have all account I need primarily through them with my wife. Will closing credit cards that I owe nothing on be bad for me in the long run? I just simply want to be done with BofA.
Inherited 3 million dollars, what do I do?
Should I see my car and getting an older car in order to pay off relatively low debt?
What are the best ways to begin saving for my children's future?
What to do with checking/savings account that you don't use?
25 years old, working 60-70 hours a week and still practically flat broke. Help me untangle the financial mess that my life had become? (CA)
If I pay the minimum due on my CC, does this mean I will be charged interest on the rest of the balance I owe? [new to credit cards]
Parents getting evicted, asking for money. Should I help out? Also, I'm really bad with money.
Which Coupon Site Is Best For Online Shopping?
Car loan payment for a young enthusiast? (CA)
Mileage Reimbursement: I know mileage from home to first appointment (and last appointment to home) does not count, but what if my home is my office?
Minimizing debt through med school??
(Update) loans or credit cards?
Am I saving enough money? 1st job out of college.
Just starting out on my own, should i focus additional income towards debt or savings?
Fix my 20 year old car or buy a used one for $2,500???
Miscommunication with insurance and dentist leads to extra charges for me?
When/if to cash in savings bonds?
$10K in debt (car, unsubsidized student loans, subsidized student loans), starting to pay off $1500/month. What should I pay off first?
What are the important questions to ask the advisor before investing in a Mutual fund?
When should I ask for a credit card increase?
How plausible will retirement be for younger generations?
Moving out of state, reasonable amount to save?
How should I understand Rent vs Buy calculator results?
Does Traditional IRA have income limits? I know Roth does.
Is banking exclusively with an online bank viable? What Online Bank do you use and why?
Saving up for a house, where's the best place to keep the money?
Is my $1,000/mo contribution to investments enough to eventually retire on?
Balance transfer cards?
My mother does not know how to responsibly spend her money, and it is starting to financially and mentally affect my S.O. and myself, who live with her. What are my options in getting her some financial help? Should we just leave?
New to the Army, would like to buy a house. Suggestions? Advice?
Started settling accounts in collections. Can I get them removed from my credit report?
Can I cancel a check someone sent me?
Am I wrong in waiting out the market?
Is there an easy, minimal-fee way to turn funds from a credit card into cash? I'd like to use my Credit Card to pay a chunk of my rent this month, but obviously my landlord doesn't take cards. What are my options?
Several accounts in collections, some old, some new, some large, some small. Which order to pay them?
Should I switch savings accounts?
Advice regarding savings and retirement accounts?
Freelance - better to be classified as an independent contractor or employee?
Best approach regarding taxes with retirement accounts?
Should I put the first $10,000 of my house down payment savings in a traditional IRA?
Early 20s, ~$30k debt, $66k salary. Just getting started, any flaws in my plan?
Collections company refusing a pay for delete?
Recently demanded a raise, found out I still lowballed myself. What to do?
Graduating December. Need help with paying debt or down payment on home?
Index is better than actively managed funds?
Inheriting a house: Keep it or sell it?
When Warren Buffet dies, who do we quote next?
max out 401k or save for house downpayment?
How does interest rates work on credit cards?
I am 21 and only make $1,000,000/yr. Will I have enough money to retire at age 65?
Where to get Roth IRA?
What's a reasonable monthly/weekly food budget?
Credit card invitation numbers?
Can You Make Daily Payments on Student Loans?
If investing $1000/month at 25 isn't enough to retire, what hope do I have, in debt at 24?
Should I close my oldest credit card? (Secured, yearly fee).
Should I retire extemley early or take a few years off work entirely?
How much should I spend a month for my own place?
I am 28, over $3000 in debt, have no savings, and no job. My debt has just gone into collections. What can I possibly do? (CA)
Taxable/Dividend Investing?
Are my investments too similar?
How is our monthly spending different than it was 50-60 years ago?
What's your take on life insurance for single young adults?
Are there any bookkeepers here? I'm trying to salvage /r/bookkeeping and could use your help!
Is there any way to maintain my money without charging people interest?
Can I afford my dream car?
With Bank of America, should I switch?
Just got a Discover card. Noticed there's an option to reject arbitration on my account in the Cardmember Agreement. Should I or should I not?
"Nickel and Dimeing" myself or Planning correctly?
Has anyone completed a Financial Planning Certificate Program? What are your thoughts?
How do YOU track your finances?
Popping the question: Is there a correct amount?
Working part time under the table, should I ask to go on the books?
Coming out of college, first job, sell car and buy a cheaper one to lower monthly payments?
Is there any reason *not* to use a home equity loan to pay credit card debt?
$2000 dollars in savings and need heaps of advice. Best way to leave financially abusive parents?
What is natural gas price and electricity price in UAE?
What are the best credit card options from PNC?
If I am able to pay for a student loan up front instead of taking out a student loan...should I? [UK]
Kwikpay didn't deduct. What should I do now?
Should I sell my second car?
Using a credit card to pay off student loans... Good idea or bad idea?
What Are Some Financial Mistakes That People Often Make?
Move out or live with parents?
I am 15 years old. In a few months, I will be able to get my drivers license, but is doing so a practical decision?
I noticed that Money Market Account is not listed on the `commontopics` section. When is it recommended to use such? Or is it just not a better choice because of the other options?
Had my debit card compromised - what am I missing? [US]
Is it possible to live to live without financial help from parents in high school?
What is going on with my Santander debit card?
I have ~$700 in a Roth IRA at Betterment... is there a better place to invest?
According to this sub's FAQ, we pay down high interest debts before investing additionally to retirement. At what interest percent is a debt considered high?
Clean(ish) slate: where to go from here?
any reason not to get the highest CD rate I can find?
What is considered a high Tax Bracket? Is it anything above 25%?
Would we be able to afford this house?
What is the best investment type/account for people nearing retirement age?
$5,000 in student loans left. Have enough in stocks to pay it off. Advice?
How the heck do people afford anything?
I am in a good situation but still thoroughly relying on my parents. How can I move forward in a way that leaves the future just as bright as the present?
Am i liable for fraudulent atm withdrawals?
Considering opening my 4th credit card to take advantage of 0% interest on balance transfers for the first 14 months. Is this a bad idea?
Rental Properties and General Money Conundrum - What do I do??
M/20 currently making $33k, should I go back to school?
Applying fora credit card for the first time and I keep getting denied. What can I do to get approved?
Leasing? Buying Used? How much should I be spending on my first car?
Does anyone else get depressed reading this subreddit?
Receiving a refund from dentist office. What to do?
No point in investing in an IRA?
American studying abroad in China next semester- best debit and credit card for me?
Billionaire Michael Bloomberg says skip college and become a plumber?
Online purchases, is this legitimate? (CA)
What is a good credit card APR? Also, should I close this account I never use?
Authorized User on a CC?
How many savings accounts do you have?
How much should I be contributing to my 401k? My employer matches 20%.
95K salary, 50K credit card debt. Do I even make enough?
Life, long- and short-term disability insurance... what do I really need and are there any combination products?
Neighborhood emergency clinic bill is ridiculously high. Is this normal? How are normal Joe Schmoe's supposed to go to the doctor?
Best way to tackle repayment of two loans?
Has anyone tried to lease an engagement ring?
Can I afford to buy a new car?
How can I start boosting my credit?
Is my budget plan to pay off 29k debt and own home in ~3 yrs realistic?
Step 1b in the FAQ is to deal with Higher Education Expenses. How does this work exactly, let's say you plan to go to college in 2 years?
Student Loans, does this make sense?
401(k) or Roth 401(k) @ $40k gross, how much to contribute?
Free tuition or a better education?
What are your definitions of "investing" and an "investment"?
Where do I save my money beyond 401(k) and IRAs?
What are your definitions of "investing" and an "investment"?
What should I do with my money?
Any "holistically" (multi-account) diversifying services?
Is cash the safest option at the moment?
How long until my credit score goes up...?
How much was your house and how did you manage to pay it off?
Wage increased from minimum wage to Living Wage. What more can I do with my money? (UK)
How to transfer ~$35k from South Korean to American account without losing to much?
Should I remove or keep this item on my credit report?
How do I calculate my raise amount after tax?
What is the safest currency?
Broke my big toe, lost new job, what can I do?
Should I quit my job?
How would you tackle my financial situation?
Im 18 years old, and now have access to some money that has been saved up. How should i proceed? (NOR)
I'm 19 and just won a settlement for multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars. What the HELL do I do?
IRA accounts sum max contribution?
BoA places hold on 80% of multiple checks for almost two weeks with no explanation. No one will answer my questions there, and bills are due. What can I do?
Do I pay my husband's debt collector now or later?
Going to university next year, what should I keep in mind? (UK)
Should I use treasury direct for purchasing bonds, etc?
How does your 401k balance stack up? A 2012 study that parses the data by age group, income, and tenure time.
Me (20 years old) make pretty decent money while attending university, I have some spare money on top of paying my tuition. What should I do with it? Invest? Open a high interest bank account? (CAN)
What to do with your company credit card when you change jobs?
Can you guys help me live on 31200 after taxes? I'm 23 and about to be in a potentially bad situation.
Has anyone ever been in dire straits and recovered with no help?
I feel like my car is on its last legs and has a number of issues. How do I go about getting my best value for it or just run it into the ground?
Recent G20 agreement that considers bank deposits as paper investments and the banks' capital?
Secured Credit Card v. Bad API Credit Card?
SIPC insurance, as good as FIDC?
I'm being kicked out at 17. What are my options?
I have a lot of debt that I just want to pay off. Should I take out a loan or pay it off month-month?
OK to use part of auto loan to pay down credit card debt?
23 years old making ~60k looking at buying my first house. Is this the right investment to be making? (CA)
Graduating college in the spring, how much money should I be saving in anticipation of postgraduate living?
Hidden fees, gotchas with inheritence?
I have savings of 4k. Is there anything I can do other than putting more in to grow this?
Be me for 5 mins. What would you do? Moving to Southern CA from Melbourne, good job (professor at $150K/yr), mid-40s, $250k in bank, $500K in retirement, have to buy a house.
Employment Advice - What to do (method/amount?)
[US] [CA] I can no longer afford my rent due to medical expenses, can I get out of my lease?
What has been your personal finance success? What was the challenge and how did you overcome it?
What percentage of your yearly income do you spend on things that just bring you joy? I'm all for fiscal responsibility but sometimes you just have to live.
Advice from family friend/bankruptcy lawyer, your opinions?
About to become a landlord - transfer home to a new business I create?
Help! College, carreer?
Switching majors, how to know if it's worth it?
Where can go in Europe and open an bank account as a foreigner?
Advice from family friend/bankruptcy lawyer, your opinions?
How do I figure out my total deductions for year 2015? I'm trying to find out if my AGI will allow me to invest in a ROTH IRA.
Is it justifiable to take a 4 day vacation while in $53.3k student loan debt?
Does using your credit card and paying to zero boost your credit score compared to non-use?
Anyone have experience with Merrill Edge?
Can I settle this Ambulance Bill?
Doing well financially, but still have mediocre credit score. How to fix?
Is it reasonable to be thinking of buying a house?
Can I/Should I try to consolidate my debt within 1 bank?
?
How do you actually FOLLOW your budget?
Can I/Should I try to consolidate my debt within 1 bank?
fiance is about to increase his net worth by like 800% - what should we do/talk about before marrying in this crazy moment in our lives? what should i know? how do i handle this as a supportive partner appropriately?
Small inheritance for infant daughter: best investment in her name that isn't a 529?
How do I calculate the 401(k) forced distributions I must take after I'm 70.5 years old?
Can someone explain what exactly happened here? Is this my fault or my insurance company?
What to do with savings while you work towards the ultimate goal?
How can I afford to separate from my wife?
23yo grad student: Short term serving job w/ relatively low wages offering Roth IRA @ 3% max match worth it?
Can I/Should I try to consolidate my debt within 1 bank?
Credit Cards that link to a checking account?
Is filing for bankruptcy an option?
I will be receiving a 4700 dollar student loan in January that I do not need. Is there anything useful I can do with it?
How do I pull money from 2 401Ks into a Roth and how do I know it's reputable?
How to build credit?
Should I pay extra into escrow in anticipation of high property tax bill?
Lost my job, have $500 cash advance on my credit card. Should I use it?
fiance is about to increase his net worth by like 800% - what should we do/talk about before joining accounts in this crazy moment in our lives? what should we know?
[17](UK) My bank account went into overdraft and has been frozen by my bank. How can I unfreeze it?
Should I surrender my VLI?
I'm 25, recently have received 40k. What are my best investment opportunities?
What are some great part-time jobs to supplement with your "real" job?
Paying off house -- selling, putting on new, bigger house with 30-year mortgage and small monthly payment, living on single income -- any reason to not do this?
Should I sell my car at a loss?
I have 900,000 Euro as a result of complex fraud. What do I do now?
What's a fair settlement for a car accident?
Best Place to get an auto loan?
Over $1500 in Medical Bills. Which Credit Card can help me save money on this bill?
Why can't Millennials own a home? Two words - Student loans.
Press on or file bankruptcy?
Private mortgage loan structure?
Dual citizen- I was supposed to pay American taxes?
Personal Finance Check - Have decent money, but what can I be doing better?
Is it worth investing money in rare wines rather than stocks?
What are some good income:debt ratios to abide by? Justification?
Does it make sense to own no bonds and instead pay student loans with what would otherwise be allocated to bonds?
Really want to move out, can I do it?
53YR Male. Just Divorced. Zero debt. $150K to invest. How do I even begin to think about retirement?
Apartment saying we owe more than our deposit. How can I talk them down or dispute this?
Rent or buy for recent college graduate?
I am a currently a medical student with minimal income, is there anything prudent I should do?
Where should I be focusing my discretionary income?
Landlord didn't require security deposit. What happens when we leave?
Unfamiliar with a 401(K) and looking for some advice?
What should I do with this new credit card?
Getting a Micro-loan?
Car loan with husband co-sign, or get it in his name?
Simple question: I have two credit cards with balances, should I concentrate on paying off one first or work on both at the same time? Details inside.
Anybody know some Good sites/apps/companies that allow you to budget well?
Mortgage payment (escrow) increase- can't understand why?
Can you guys help critique my 401k allocation?
If I'm underwater on a car loan, what happens if the car is totaled?
Howdy everyone, Can someone help me with some questions about a debt I acquired while outside the United States?
CreditKarma showing that my bank isn't updating payments... is this normal?
I received a collector's notice regarding a medical bill... but have not received notice of this bill at any point prior. What are my options?
X-post - I am almost 30, and I have nothing invested in stocks or funds. Any advice that you all want to share in regards to investments and/or money management?
I'm going to end up with around 60k in debt when I graduate. What can I do now to help with the financial burden when I have to pay them back?
Where do I go from here?
Remember the 27-year old millionaire on Yahoo? It turns out he left out a few details.
Claimed 0 when starting my job, but I now have to claim myself when I file my taxes. Does this = a big tax return?
How do i find an account belonging to a decreased family member?
Does credit utilization have memory?
Best short-term (1 year) growth solution?
How do I find an account belonging to a deceased family member?
What do you think of these two Roth IRAs?
[Full time student] What are some ways to work from home that could make earn about $100/week?
17, about to graduate high school, what are some ways I can prepare for good money management?
My friend has proposed moving out of state with him, how should I go about this?
Moving to the US (Texas). What should I know?
Health, Dental Insurance Questions?
My friend has asked me to move out of state, how should this be handled?
Money management?
Going back to college: Do I consolidate the loans, or not?
Car Downpayment with Credit Card?
I want to get a real estate license just to buy my first house. Thoughts?
Will adding my wife as a user or signer on my credit card positively affect her credit?
Borrowing money on a credit card to start a business?
I just dumped 5,500 into an IRA. What do I do with it?
Do I need a Checking or Savings account?
I want to start a fund for my newborn, where do I begin?
Best way to pay off student loans with $20,000 savings?
Not sure how to put my research into practice, advice or direction?
How to resist urges to spend?
[19 year old student] Getting house just outside of campus; how do I save money on food with no meal plan?
[Full time student] time for a credit card?
What can you tell me about your experiences with FSA? (Flexible Spending Accounts)
Divorce on the horizon... we remain amicable, when should we divorce? Financial benefits.
Car trouble - repair, buy, or lease?
Girlfriend's in school, neither makes much - get a second job or file bankruptcy?
I am a financial advisor. I'm going to a high school tomorrow to teach some kids about what I do. Any pointers?
FSA for young couple who might try for a baby?
I have zero debt and great credit. Can anyone recommend what credit card or maybe what I should look for in a credit card to maximize my credit, rewards, etc?
Has anyone here had any success trying to negotiate a debt settlement with a collections agency?
Best car to get for someone who isn't going to be putting many miles on it? What depreciates slowly over time as long as its not being driven often.
What Do You Think Of My Investing Plan(25 yo, 50k salary, USA/NYC)?
Should I put off graduate school and save money, or go now and put myself in debt?
Taking Out a Loan, or Taking Investments Out of the Market?
After posting a question and reading the FAQ, I need some input about responsible planning/ am I doing this right?
When doing a rollover for an IRA account, will the originating company have to liquidate the assets/funds into cash before it can be transferred?
Credit Score fell by ~200 after purchasing a house?
Should I claim my mother as my dependent in 2015? (Related to health insurance penalty)
I will be moving to the US from Canada in the next couple years, what can I start doing now to set myself up financially?
I'm a new graduate student. What's the smartest/cheapest way to get all of my textbooks? They are SO expensive
What should I do with 7k in my checking account?
Credit Card company didn't send me my bills/anything. Now I'm delinquent. What can I do?
When a company offers employer matching, is it applicable to both pre-tax (Traditional 401k) and after-tax (Roth 401k) contributions?
PayPal Credit - Can I screw myself for signing up for this?
Is it worth it to put money into my vehicle?
Are some people just meant to be broke forever?
Carrying a balance on credit cards, how bad is it?
Escrow made my mortgage payment rise by about $60/mo. Help?
Is this an opportunity for tax-loss harvesting?
Here's a list of funds allowed in my 401k (arranged from low-to-high expense ratios), how do I choose for a three-fund portfolio?
Student loans, home equity or 401k?
Finding out how to calculate the tax hit you would take from withdrawing from a 401K?
[Request] How do I ask for a raise?
Ward of the State? What to do...? (CA)
I am 24. How much should I have saved up/ How much should I be saving if I want to fully own my home by 55?
First time investing from peer-to-peer, what are some terms or numbers I should be focused on for discussions of my projected return?
Thoughts on Financial Advisors?
What should I do with my 4 year old BMW?
I have approximately $20k set aside for 2014 taxes to be paid in April. Is there anything safe I can do with this money to accrue some extra cash in the meantime?
What percentage should I invest?
Looking to 'invest' in some items. What should I buy?
How do you determine how much of a Roth IRA is contributions vs. earnings?
Short term investment for a college student with 25k?
Are used car dealerships not negotiating on prices anymore?
According to CreditKarma, I should have 22+ open credit accounts for an "A" in the "Total Accounts" category. That seems obscene. Can someone explain?
I have 200 a month of extra income and need to pay a 4,000 dollar no interest loan. What should I do with it?
Buy a good deal on house or save for longer?
What level of confidentiality can I expect from a uk based financial advisor?
Are employer contributions held separate for tax purposes in the case of a Roth 401k account?
Was just about to leave my current company (startup), but it looks like it's about to get bought out. Any advantage to staying? Anything I should do?
Should consolidate to my LoC w/ variable rate?
What's the most you can make as a student to qualify for the Pell Grant?
Two full-time jobs to pay off student debt. Any legal or moral problems? Recent college grad.
Just received a credit card approval of 500$, how can I use this to build my credit?
Any tricks to force myself to save money (and not spend it)?
Would appreciate perspective on upcoming life choices - 30 y/o - to prioritise school or work?
Will I be able to get a loan?
Do I need to keep $10k min in these funds to avoid fees?
Tuition Fee Help - How to get the money?
Will my hourly pay at my minimum wage job change in Jan '15 because the minimum wage will rise up to $9? U.S.A
How safe are private loans? From both perspectives.
Not sure if I have any leverage to bargain with my employer. Any advice for a young professional?
[Sacramento, CA] How much should I be putting away?
Best trading platform utilities and analytic tools?
Where can I get some help with the healthcare marketplace?
I need a new roof. What are my options?
Does it make financial sense to buy this used car? ~17k
Disputing vs Pay for Delete: Which method is more appropriate for these example credit report problems?
I'm 24 doing own business,where to invest my money to become safe?
Is it wrong to use crowd-funding as a way to help pay off student loans?
Hawaiian Airlines check card?
Apartment denied my credit history. Requires co-signer or full rental period payment up-front. Thoughts?
[Credit]An administrative error left me with a few dings on my credit report, can i fight this?
Life experience or financial gain...?
Found an OLD payroll check. Can I still cash it?
Investing in bitcoin?
Student loan payment start date of 1/26/24?
Travel trailer or Apartment? Big truck or small truck? Will appreciate insight!
Is it better to do a standard deduction or itemize on you taxes (and you have multiple jobs)?
Better to max out 401ks or split up contributions into 401k and Roth IRA when young?
140 Day Certificate Account -1.4% APY -- Yay or Nay?
Working 40+ hours between two jobs, am I still considered part-time?
[USA, FL] How does someone go about being a first time home buyer?
What should I do with the down payment on a house in the meantime (until I am ready to buy)?
BoA Checking Account Preferred Rewards?
(Roth) IRA: How to best utilize tax benefits &amp; Q's about Joint IRA Contribution?
Why am I getting so many credit card offers that are pre-approved/pre-screened if I don't even have a job?
Has anyone here used a personal assistant?
Can I haggle with Discover over the student loan rate they just offered me?
Small business doesn't offer 401k. What are ways that I can continue to contribute to my retirement on my own?
Possibly leaving my job of 7 years, what do I do with my 401k?
Should I purchase a car in my situation?
I'm married, and my wife is on our title but not the mortgage. What happens if I die?
are these refinance fees too high?
How or Can I apply for a credit card with no credit history?
$4K in chase quickpay payments over past year... Any tax issues?
[Collections] My brother died but he was joint on our fathers accounts. The bank is taking my fathers retirement, is there anything we can do?
I am past due 8 days on one of my student loan payments, did I screw my credit up?
Why does everyone want to sell me life insurance for investment purposes, is it worth it?
Best credit card to start building credit?
What steps can I take to dispute a credit issue. Do I have a chance to win?
What do you think about the anti-debt validation letter points made in this article?
Where should solutions to the student debt crisis come from?
Is there a no fee HSA account that I can sign up for online?
I have an HSA account with Wells Fargo from my previous employer. Since I'm no longer with the company, Wells Fargo is charging me $5 monthly fee. What do I do with it?
How to reconcile high-income lifestyle with low-income lifestyle?
Cheap Money – Easy Borrowing, Tough Investing?
Trying to pick between two job offers. Help me understand: What's $30,000/year really worth?
529 or Florida pre-paid college fund?
[UK] Investing in the stock market?
The best credit card with which to pay rent? $700,000 in rent payments a year (not a misprint). Story inside.
How likely/common is RFID theft? should I earnestly think about getting an RFID protected wallet?
Buying a car with 40K salary?
Am I responsible for hospital and ambulance bills while I was in police custody?
what to do with an old 401K?
Anyone have experience with Synchrony Bank?
Opening a second checking account at another bank to help get money management under control?
Collections sent me a $240 bill but patient ledger says I owe $0? Pay it?
Paying off my debt next year. How does my plan look to you guys?
What is your best advice for short term stock trading?
Personal loan to roommate?
I can't redeem my savings bonds at my Credit Union, what are my options?
Need advice about possible collection/default on an apartment several years ago, can't find any trace of it now... Are we in the clear??
Paying into an HSA account for months, but don't have any access. Can I get that money back?
Is a flat $30 fund maintenance fee on an old annuity worth the cost?
What do do with money while saving for a house?
ROTH IRA in FFNOX?
What would be the consequences of not paying the 2nd mortgage?
Should I refinance my FHA loan now, or wait? PMI is the big issue, details inside.
How to combat inflation on excess money?
"15%" student loan garnishment taking much more than 15%, what can I do?
Went from $13K (USD) to $100K per year--what do I do?
Best way to purchase things online if under the age of 18?
Web browser app to calculate financial forecast - any better options?
Hi guys. I'm trying to figure out what exactly I'm doing. I've gotten myself a good job, have a little money saved up, and I'd like to buy a house in the future. Should I do rent-to-own, or save and wait?
Delinquency showing up on TransUnion from 8 years ago?
Traditional IRA Deduction - I have employer plan, spouse does not. Can both IRA contributions be deductible?
Best way to budget if paid bi-weekly, and all expenses hit credit cards?
Overseas Business Partner How to Receive Payments?
Should I get another credit card?
Liability in being on my elderly mother's bank account?
(Question) Negotiating first salary with minimal experience?
Cable company going to sue me? (CA)
How do I compare salaries from jobs in different areas?
Company didn't deposit my 403(b) contributions for several months... what is my remedy?
(CA) Are there any free LEGIT websites to get your CC score from in Canada?
I'm 17, heading into my final year of High School, about to get my first Job. Any Advice for someone of my age?
Car loan payed off, should I close the account?
Credit Card Help?
You guys always mention Roth IRAs and 401ks, what are the Canadian equivalents?
Am I doing it right? Worried about future
Realistically, how long should I work in the private sector?
What is worse to have on a credit record. A car repossession or a charge off on the vehicle account for the loss of the car? Or are they equally the same?
Receiving 3,000,000 INR in USA. How?
Should I get a credit card and loan while I still have a job?
Is it a wise decision in this economy to go to law school?
I refused to be a personal assistant. Am I okay? (UA)
What is a better investment? Buying an existing home in an ideal location, or purchasing land to build a home in an ideal location?
Has anyone tried these 0% no fee balance xfers?
Medical Bills - to share or not when trying to get a loan?
Wife filing Chapter 13 only, what happens to our tax return when we file jointly and have a newborn son? Need advice.
Should I do direct reinvestment? What are the Pros and Cons of it?
There's a really nice Prius sold by a private partyfor about $12 grand. How do I borrow that and where from?
Taxes, Obamacare, and monopoly hospitals - How do I evaluate partially reimbursed, partially pretax health insurance costs, and whether they are offset by out of pocket care?
[Auto] Just bought a lemon from a dealership for no money down; what happens to my credit if I let them repo the car?
Anyone in Europe using Trustbuddy for P2P lending?
Should I accept less for Kelly Blue Book price on my used car?
Is renting to own a home a good option?
First time home buyer. Where the heck do I start?
Is this a good place to ask questions about student loans?
Some advice for a goal?
Am I doing everything I can to raise my credit score?
Is it really normal to expect to pay nearly $100K in taxes on $300K in income?
How do some of you guys get to the point of having over 100k in cash and over 500k in IRA/ investments?
Should I pursue the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program?
Both of my parents are retired, so I have no health insurance. What do I do?
Where do GLD, SLV, and other funds associated with precious metals go into one's portfolio for investing purposes?
Should my husband or I claim my daughter for tax purposes? She is on my insurance, but he makes more.
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Likelihood that I am I going to get scammed on this vacation rental?
The best way to invest £10,000 for an 18 year old?
Just won a scholarship...which loan should I apply to?
I have a job offer, is it worth it?
How does minimum wage work?
Which debt should I pay off first?
What to do with money later in life when 401K and IRA are no longer an option?
Credit cards on credit report, to close or not to close?
Should I drop comprehensive auto insurance in favor of building e-fund? [US/LA area]
(UK) How much should i put into savings?
[MISC] What's the best way to transfer my mother's home into my name?
Taxes and renting: How do they work?
How can I best minimize debt accumulation over an unavoidable but short period of unemployment?
(US) Will this hurt or help my credit score?
Which company is best to start an independent 401k for contributions? Looking to set one up to roll into one with an employer after grad school.
When do 401k contributions vest? Wouldn't it be best to reach max contribution limit ASAP?
Using an investment account to pay student loan debt?
UTMA/529 Roll-over to different account?
Need a Fidelity bond fund...suggestions?
Future father-in-law won't give information on student loans in fiancee's name. How can I pay them off?
I'm a college freshman and I desperately need help financing my college education... I've exhausted my grants, scholarships, and government loans. What are my other options?
Can an employer offer a different 401k matching % to different employees?
Possible to sell Vanguard Target Retirement 2055? Reallocate funds?
Grandma lost her job while she was on medical leave -- are there financial assistance programs for the elderly she might be able to get?
Can anyone help me make sense of some baffling fraudulent charges on my credit card?
Is a Roth IRA worth it if you want to retire before 59.5?
How can I calculate the tax consequences of getting married?
Personal finance app that doesnt connect to your bank account link "mint"?
Worth it to get an extra level of certification for my job?
Should I take a break from working and travel the world?
How can I help a friend who is down on his luck?
Prestigious college or cheap college?
24-year-old with ~$117k in student debt. Options?
Australia Superannuation: At what age to do salary sacrifice?
Thinking of diversifying my investments into real estate - good idea or nay?
What should I do with my 401k now that I have a pension plan?
Why am I paying both the doctor AND being billed by my health insurance?
Best way to invest with Sharebuilder?
What's a good rule of thumb for saving?
When should you get your first credit card?
If my wife's father has a large amount of debt and he dies would my wife be responsible even if they are estranged?
No retirement match from employer for a year, pay off student loans instead?
Struggling with serious health problems, low wage job, and no family support. What can I do? Please help.
Thoughts on Acorns?
How can I start??
Three medical bills of unclear insurance status - but if I call the institutions to check stuff, they might resend me the bills, right?
Can I Borrow Business Loans If I Have Negative Credit Profile?
What would you do with an API to your bank account?
Advice on Selecting Credit Card?
Finally paid off credit card, now what do I do?
Should I bump up my 401(k) contribution? Expenses at almost $900 a year.
I need advice on how to save?
Anyone doing public service loan forgiveness?
Options to eliminate MIP?
Second income by selling paintings. How should I deal with it?
Any compelling books suitable for teens in the genre of personal finance?
What kind of credit card would be good for a beginner?
Back taxes? I need advice
Small business as a sole proprietorship. Should I keep it that way?
Should I be more invested in the stock market? Age - 28
Should I have filed my taxes? What do I say to the taxman?
How much will I get back in taxes in 2015 if I bought a house 8 months ago?
How Many Bank Accounts Should I have?
Meaning of a taxed benefit?
Can I get a new debit card with a different number connected to the same checking account, and would doing so solve an issue I'm having with paypal?
Personal loan vs credit card?
Hard Cash - Do you keep it around?
Which business bank account (Ontario, Canada) do you guys recommend? (CA)
Private refi of federal unsubsidized student loan?
Black Friday opportunity, should I buy this?
First job out of college, making $30k before taxes, have little/no credit - which credit card should I consider?
Would be first time home buyer - Can I afford it?
What are the pros/cons of going with a (Traditional/Roth) 401(k) + (Traditional/Roth) IRA? Seem like only one of the four possibilities ever gets mentioned here.
For my 401k Should I put it in as pre-tax or as Roth?
M25, immigrant in USA. Saving $4k every month. How should I invest?
GF found fraudulent charges on her CC this morning, what precautions should she take?
http://inertiawillhurtya.com/?p=1018
Thinking of taking out a business loan. Good or bad idea if planning to buy a home next year in the summer?
Paid more per mutual fund share than quote history?
(Canada) What to do with $15,000?
Ramifications of an unmarried couple opening a joint account? (Taxes and financial aid for college)
Matthews Law - How do I take advantage of this? (CH)
Should I start a new credit card for 0% balance transfer?
Are we paying too much for life insurance?
FSGDX and FSIVX - what should I do with these?
What am I doing wrong? (CAN)
One of my new staff members is in serious financial problems, how can I help him?
Should I transfer my IRA's from Edward Jones to Vanguard?
How to get things back in order?
Chase decided to close my checkings and savings account without reason, as well as a life time ban. What can I do to fix this?
Help me change my filing status. Please?
Wondering if they're any tips for saving as a teenager to better for the future?
What is a consumer explanation report? (Mortgage related)
EOBs: what the heck do you do with them?
Should I set aside $X/month to add to my index fund? or let the initial amount be?
What to do if no low-expense funds are available (403b)?
HELP! What do I do with my 401k check??
Should I be distributing my money differently?
Recently married and getting ready to purchase a home. My wife has great credit but I have little credit history. What can we do to get approved?
Consolidation Loan...is it worth it?
Retirement Plan for my Employees?
Christmas present to myself - Get rid of two loans?
As a mid 20s single male, is there really any reason I should buy life insurance?
Why is it better to pay down loan debt instead of making extra principal payments on the mortgage?
Are we stupid to think about buying a new house?
Should I (23) buy a house for my parents even though I'm trying to move out?
Job 1 or Job 2 -- What would you do?
Am I able to co-sign for a home loan? (Details in text)
33, no retirement(ish), no debt, where do I start? Putting my money?
Studying abroad in Spain this Summer. Best way for me to make money online?
I just opened an Amazon rewards Visa, and haven't used it. Should I close it? Will this have negative impacts?
Is it bad to open too many credit cards at once?
Applied for a Citi Double Cash Card, denied, what instead?
Is a 401k really best?
Can I keep my SIMPLE IRA with my own broker, rather than my employer's?
Boss reneged on bonus offered in offer letter...what are my options?
Is investing past the employer matching always a bad idea?
Banks can't confirm my SSN, how do I get a credit card?
Hybrid Retirement System or 401k?
Can I afford to move out on my own?
First time home buyer debt consolidation, should I tap my 401k?
Which credit card is best for me?
My financial adviser is not recommending that any of my $51k go toward retirement. Is this sometimes normal or should I get a new one?
Which job would benefit me the most financially?
Does it make financial sense for me to lease or finance a new car right now?
Motif Investing? Anyone have any experience?
What are your thoughts on targeted retirement fund for a 401k?
401k account has lower price per share then NASDAQ?
Is buying silver and gold a good investment?
Is there a software program where I can see just a plethora of different stocks? Or Website
No state income tax is being withheld - is this a problem?
How do your curb your impulse to buy something?
Please help me understand the process for switching from Edward Jones to Vanguard?
Why aren't personal finance classes required/strongly encouraged in high school and college?
Which job to take in order to pay student loans? TX or CA?
How does the court get involved so as to order a private citizen on how they are allowed to use donated funds?
Am I in a position to buy a new car?
Where to put my kids money?
How do I start my own landscaping business?
Why should I switch my brokered IRA to Vanguard? Why shouldn't I?
Someone opened Credit card in my name 17 years ago and has been paying it, they have never missed a payment...what is going on?
When to start saving with an investment account?
Mother's cable bill is in my name, she isn't paying the bill. How will this affect my credit and what should I do?
What to do with bonds?
I have $8,000 that I won't need for a few years. I plan on buying a LifeStrategy Growth Fund, but do I need to consider when I buy?
As a senior in highschool, what is the best thing to do with $10,000?
Did I choose the wrong Vanguard retirement fund?
How do I invest 10k so that I get admiral shares if I would like to put it all in a Roth IRA?
Using a Discover credit card to pay for discover student loans?
Buying my first place. Yay or nay? (Australia)
New College Grad - What kind of credit card should I get?
Great paying job I hate... socking away money... trying to find an exit plan. Pay down mortgage or hold?
Want to invest in Costco bonds, Where can i find their interest rate/rate of return/risk free rate?
First "real" job - what do?
Apartment debt in collections, I was off the lease???
Is buy to let the best place to invest my money (UK)?
Any advice on what to do during unstable economy? (UA)
Examples of Budgets?
Should I pay for Health Insurance just to get an HSA?
What helpful/insightful finance books I should be reading?
Line of Credit got pulled while I have $250k in use. How can I pay it back in 2 weeks while stuck in probate?!
As an IT contractor, should I be getting a W2 or 1099?
Formula for the best time to sell the car you own?
Coworkers say I shouldn't ask for a raise and I am lucky to have a job in the first place. Does that mean I suck at my job?
I'm about to become a US expat in the UK. Want to keep a US bank account, but which one?
Transferring $500K+ from Australia to the US. How do I avoid problems?
What bank would be my best option? (UK)
What is /r/PersonalFinance's opinion on Mr. Money Mustache?
Victim of hit and run, third-party insurance provider is willing to buy my "total" car for a fair value. Should I accept and buy a similar car or newer? 22yrs old/net worth: $27k
Have $2000 put aside, what can be done with it in the next 2-3 months?
Wise decision to invest in India savings acct? The interest rate is &gt; 5%
Joint Mortgage, Separate Taxes...how's that work?
Is it safe to apply for a credit card online? If so where?
Out of credit card debt.. Now what? (26 F US)
Which Bachelor's degree has a better financial outlook?
I need an apartment for about 2 years near UC Berkeley. Is it dumb to try buying an apartment then renting it out after I no longer need it?
Is a Bachelor of Nursing a smart financial investment?
Receiving $10,000 in cash from my grandmother who passed away. Tax implications?
What is the proper way to calculate return on investment?
I have 23k in student loan debt and a Philosophy Degree. Should I go back to school?
Credit card limit calculated into debt/income calculation?
Pay of student loan or continue investing?
I have $5-6k in expense coming up soon, do I take a personal loan or use my credit cards?
accidentaly made a check out to 'starlite' rather than 'safelite'(auto glass), can they cash it?
To re-finance or not to re-finance? (US)
Am I about to get scammed?
Greatly increasing credit limit in short time to increase credit score in long term. Good idea?
BoAmerica blacklisted me. Where (brick and mortar bank) can I open a checking account?
Feel like I'm not saving enough...am I?
Subsidized student loans to pay off credit card debt?
At what interest rate should you only pay back the minimum?
Is 50k in RRSP at 33 a good start?
Does changing funds allocation in Vanguard Roth IRA, result in extra fees?
Trapped in a car payment! Advice?
At what interest rate should you only pay back the minimum?
This may be stupid, but I'm defaulted on about 17k of various debt. Are there institutions or such that would be willing to buy the debt to consolidate it, even though I have such a train wreck credit history?
First interview for director-level position in private sector after working mostly in public/government, what are some things to know/ask from a PF perspective?
Ladder or 5year CD?
What personal finance blogs do you read?
Is it worth diversifying my retirement accounts?
I'm about to start a 1099 job in December. How much of my income should I set aside from each paycheck for taxes?
I have $1200. Do I keep it in my savings or pay my credit card off in full?
Any advice on using target date retirement funds?
Multiple 529s?
Should i max out my ROTH 403b before investing in the market?
401k is it better to put in money before or after taxes?
$100k+ inheritance after untimely passing of father. What do I do with the money?
22 Male &amp; 26 Female received inheritance ~400k each. Advice ? (CA)
Just won 47 million dollars in the lottery, what do I do? Serious.
I screwed up - how do I fix a very tax-inefficient portfolio, in a taxable investment account?
Pre Tax or Post Tax contribution to my employee sponsored 401K ?
(CA) FMF and IMF vs MER - How do I find the real fees on employer sponsored funds?
Difference between VFINX (VFIAX - Admiral Shares) and VINIX?
10.5 months of tax deductible receipts were stolen. What is my best option?
What can a 23 year old with $150,000 in student loan debt do to get rid of this massive weight?
Do I get another credit card, or try to pay off current card first, and will it hurt my credit score?
How to find a fee only financial planner?
What changes did you make that you are most proud of, that you think others could benefit from as well?
Is it better to make multiple monthly payments or one larger payment?
What are some insurance and investment options I can use to benefit my child in the future?
You have $500/month to invest in your newborn's future. What do you do with the money?
Worried about the caregiver relationship between my aunt (55) and my grandmother (94). It seems financially inappropriate. Should I consult a lawyer?
best use for 200k and nothing else?
Opening multiple credit cards at once?
Can I realistically pull this off and be debt-free for the New Year?
Sanity Check - Budget/Finances Review?
What is my worth?
Should I tell my boss I'm applying for graduate school when he's friends with someone who could tell him?
Federal employee looking on the outside, what really are the benefits?
College Student looking for financial advice. What are some different paths I can take to make the most out of savings? How aggressive should I be in terms of investing?
What is my interest rate?
Erroneous health insurance claims payment. What should I do?
Buying a motorcycle on craigslist: pay cash or build credit?
Does loan or credit provider diversity affect a credit score?
Small, years-old bogus charge in collections. To pay or not to pay?
Should I buy a discounted house with little money down?
Mint: Transaction history?
Does it make any sense for a check I received to suddenly bounce a month after I deposited it?
What are my life insurance options? Denied for term life.
Husband getting large raises at work--Why?
I'm a real estate agent with a unique compensation structure. I'm an employee collecting a salary and bonuses from one client. I make commissions on other clients. How do I stop those commissions from being taxed as bonuses? (xpost tax)
How can I raise my credit score? (In need of major help)
Who here makes net worth projections?
What to do (or not do) when applying for a home loan?
I own a $200,000 condo as a rental property. How can I use this to invest in more real estate with bad credit?
Researching credit card after receiving an invitation to apply for the Amex Green Card in the mail. What are your thoughts? (PR)
~80k medical expense... take loan or save up?
Flexible Spending Account-How much to contribute?
How would i calculate the total If i put away $50 per month for 15 years with an average monthly compounding rate of 7%?
Do I really need so much life insurance? Or can I purchase less.
How to split rent in this situation?
Credit Report - Can't find a straightforward provider, where can I get reports from individual providers?
Network Marketing Advice?
Wealth building - not retirement funding - with a $10,000 cash foundation. What are the options? What should be avoided?
22 years old and first job that offers a 401k plan. What do I do?
Does it not matter what credit card I get if I plan on paying everything off in full?
Employer will cover $350 for health insurance. Should this impact my plan choice (low/high premium)?
Turn my 401k into a Rollover IRA?
Best method of making purchases while studying abroad in Europe?
My mother just bought a house. Can she get tax breaks or other benefits as first time home owner?
In this situation, should I use my college loan to pay off high rate credit cards?
[Budgeting or Saving] Trying to pay some debts off faster. Made a budget. Break it down?
I have an opportunity to make a lump sum payment (penalty free) on the principal of $37k loan - do I do that or raise the monthly payments I can make?
Utility putting me in delinquency for their mistake?
Trying to pay debts faster. Any advice on my budget?
Outdated and inaccurate (I believe) past due account of $35 on my Experian credit report. I disputed, to which Experian reported that it will remain on my credit. What are my options?
What do you guys think about the recent Art of Manliness podcast on Personal Finance and making money with Tony Robbins?
I have ~12k in my savings account. Student loans or car loan?
My parents are 50 and 60. They have no retirement savings to speak of. I am 26. What can I do to start preparing?
Minor car accident &amp; insurance... how should I proceed?
Somewhat complex rent/buy scenario... any advice?
Tax software reviews?
Finally above water. Next priority?
I'm going to fire my financial advisor. Does he have to sell all my shares and give me cash, or can he just transfer the shares to another account?
Apparently, I make too much money to open/invest in a Roth IRA. Why is there an income limit on Roth IRA's at all?
Best conditions to up my credit limit?
Is it wise for me to have a credit card? (AU)
Income taxes are marginal, but when is the capital gains (long- or short-term) tax rate calculated?
Roth IRA or Student Loan?
Simple.com not accepting new members?
Spender to saver...how to make the transition???
Retirement planning in graduate school?
Is there any way out of hidden fees imposed by credit unions and credit cards? A bit of a personal situation post, but all information related to credit cards/hidden fees is very welcome.
Should I use my savings to pay off my car?
Should I bother getting a credit card for everyday purchases?
My truck is upside down. How do I fix it?
What to do with deployment savings?
401k rollover to managed portfolio?
When trying to save money in an attempt to get out of a debt as soon as possible, how do you fight the urge to buy things you really want but don't need?
Is YNAB useful if I don't NAB?
Best way to contribute to a former stepson?
My dad is in a coma. Is there a financial liability as a power of attorney?
Buying house from my father. Gift of equity?
Where to put the savings; in retirement accounts or in accessible accounts?
Other than a spousal IRA how can I save?
Should I start a ROTH 403b that my employers do not match or a Vanguard ROTH IRA first?
Which main credit card do you use? and why?
CA looking to collect on a debt not appearing on my credit report?
Trying to pay off credit card debt as quickly and effectively as possible. Need advice on payments and balance transfers. Anyone like crunching numbers?
No Clue What I Want. Condo, House, Co-OP?
Better Late than never? commencing a consolidation loan for 45K over 5 years.
Favorite sleep at night mutual fund?
Just paid off all of my credit card debt. Good time as any to finance a new car?
How to change budget period in Mint?
How do you deal with annual vs. monthly expenses?
Accountants of Reddit, any general career advice for HS student interested in accounting major?
Windfall - apply to mortgage or emergency fund?
Life Cycle Funds: 2050 or 2055? Given my age (28), my risk tolerance (high), my likely career path, and my families' health history, should I be switching over to a later target date?
I'm in need of, at the least, 20 dollars. I get paid the 28th, but it doesn't help when Thanksgiving is the 25th. What are options other than a loan for quick cash?
[21M] Is it wise to invest my entire Roth IRA in one target date retirement fund or mix with another type of fund?
As the holiday season is upon us, what is your stance on giving charitable donations through retail chains?
Emergency fund getting too large? What do to?
Is this the right way to go about consolidation of debt?
Any Christians here involved in the pro-life movement here in America? [DISCUSSION]
Buying company stock at 10% discount - taxes?!
Anyone do Microfund loans?
Adjusting plans for unexpected medical/family issues?
Is there an app out that that will tell me if I saved X amount it'll be that much in 10, 20 years?
Both of my roommates want to move out. What are my options?
Finances are shaping up, what to do with surplus cash?
What can I do to put myself in a good position before I leave for Peace Corps service?
21 with a good paying job, however I cannot get approved for a credit card. Any suggestions or explanations?
Is a $400 increase in deductible worth the 0% in-network cost share? I'm a little confused as to which is the better deal for my situation.
So I didn't file my taxes last year, what's going to happen? How can I fix this now?
17 year old student. Is it too early to starting taking student loans? (CA)
Vanguard vs. Betterment?
What's the best way for an early 30s married couple to invest 100k?
Buying a car. Better with cash or getting a loan?
Setting up a small retirement savings account for somebody else?
Who can I trust to clean up my credit report/history?
I received a rejection letter for an auto loan from a month and a half ago, but I was never able to come close to a deal with the dealership to begin with. Is this normal?
I just realized I don't need a certain credit card I just used once, can I cancel it?
[credit] Is creditkarma.com usually a good bet for finding the best credit card to apply for?
How would you spend $1,300/mo on a home in NY/NJ?
Any Mint.com-like software for those in the UK? (UK)
How much money is appropriate for a "fun budget"?
College Student here, around $5k savings. Should I invest?
What should I do with $5000 gifted every year?
(CA) Can a 16 year old invest?
I paid off all my debt, now what?
Need to negotiate my first salary within 24 hours, anyone have experience or advice?
College student making money interning, should parents claim as dependent or me file seperately?
Question: I do not work or have "earned income". Only income is SS. I'm looking to invest a little monthly but have no tax incentives (ruling out roth, or work based 401k). Where do I go?
When setting budgets, do people prefer to be realistic in spending to be more accurate or lower to remind yourself to spend less?
Do employer contributions count toward IRA limit?
Aug 2014 (No Credit) -&gt; Secured Card -&gt; Nov 2014 (739 Experian Score). Should I apply for unsecured cards?
Procuring a Equity Line of Credit on Land?
Should my parents invest in gold?
can someone help me understand how to exercise stock option in company?
Anyone familiar with people selling pensions? Need objective opinions
Can you start investing at age 17, and how?
How accurate is Capital One's credit checker/Credit Karma when it's comes to checking your credit score?
Found a check from Christmas 2013, can I cash it?
Reduce risk of individual stock into total market index funds?
Baby on the way...advice for saving for college, etc. down the road?
Can someone describe Centrelink in AU?
U.S. taxes. Newly married with newborn. How do I file?
Received a Templeton Growth Fund from a family member, what should I do with it?
Can I responsibly purchase a new, $50,000 car?
Is this a gamble or investment?
Does anyone cap their Roth IRA on 1/1 of the new year?
At what point is it worth owning individual stocks?
About to start paying off FAFSA Student Loan, tips?
What are the ramifications going to be of the Baby Boomers impending retirement wave?
Are American banks scared of immigrants?
Today I left my job. Can someone explain vested shares to me?
What advice should I give my sister, who has a family of four, and owes $150K to the IRS?
Any advice on what portion of your income you should assign to paying rent?
What strategies can I use to prevent a 0% credit utilization from affecting my score? (Does a 0% utilization even have a negative affect on my score?)
I want a new line of credit or bank account for use with rainy day funds. Advice?
What's a good short term investment vehicle (2-3 years)?
Using another bank as a "back up" account?
Those who have filed for bankcrupcy, how did you prepare yourself finacially before filing?
Should I only consider investing in index funds after I have maxed out all my retirement investments?
Should I take out a mortgage against my paid-off condo to pay off my car?
Which tax advantaged account should I prioritize?
What specific law allows you to refinance your mortgage? Can a mortgage be written without the ability to refinance? (US)
What does it really take to get a mortgage?
Had some bad luck and made some mistakes. Now how do I recover?
Switch careers with 14k 401k loan I can't repay?
A year ago I took out a loan on a truck. Now I'm sick of making payments and the truck itself in general. What are my options?
Apologies for n00b question, new to the sub, sorry I missed moronic monday. I'm looking to invest in index funds, what (ballpark) return could someone expect on index funds? (£5-10k over 5 years for example)? (I know there are no guarantees, just asking based on past performance)
Does making extra mortgage payment reduce taxable income?
Do any of you guys use "Commuter Benefit Plan" from your employer? If so, what benefits does it offer that most people are not aware of?
Any pitfalls to taking out a small personal loan and repaying early?
Working for minimum wage, 19 years old and no contract. How much can I invest? (UK)
Should I Sell My Stock now and Switch to Index Funds?
Just graduated, planning on med school in Fall 2016. Is it even worth it to start paying back student loans?
Are there debt reduction programs that aren't a scam? (situation inside)
How much cash do you keep on hand for emergencies?
[Car Loan, Totaled, Gap Insurance] Why give a down payment instead of holding onto it, if possible?
Should I take over my sisters investing for her?
Won some money playing poker. Advice on best course of action?
I have pretty shitty credit. I don't really have anything in my name currently to build credit. Is there a credit card I may be approved for?
Who here has read "Your Money or Your Life?" I just finished it, and I didn't really enjoy it.
How much money do I have to have to make investing 'worth it'?
3% SIMPLE IRA matching w/ "Impact Funds"-- Is it worth it?
Expecting a Child Next Year - Any Reason Not to Put Money in FSA?
How much does your rent weigh in your monthly budget? Is there any rule of thumb on the subject? (SP)
Pay Off Car Debt (4.9%) or Mortgage (2.2%) First? (CA)
What does enhanced holiday mean? (UK)
Anybody open up an IRA through US Bank?
21 year old starting my very first "grown up" job next week. What should my priorities be?
2 Loans: Should I pay off interest before it capitalizes, or use it to pay off higher interest loan?
How many of you actually have separate savings accounts for different goals?
[Federal Reserve Board Propaganda?](http://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/press/bcreg/20141125a.htm)
Financing a (not-to-live-in) used trailer?
Best way to move money between different banks?
Federal Reserve Board Propaganda?
Financial downsides of being divorced in the US? I have a foreign friend who needs to get a green card relatively quick.
How much should I have saved up before buying a home?
What is the best way to pay off another person's student loans?
A former employer has continued to pay me - how do I proceed?
19, Full time student, part time job. What can I do to stay on top of things?
My mother just had a hip implant recall procedure and is expecting a decently large settlement. Where should she start looking to invest?
Does the savings we would get by waiting a month be worth the pain/risk?
$10k in savings: invest or pay off student loan?
22 Male, have I started out okay? Suggestions? (NZ)
Need a new car, with bad credit, and husband worth no credit. How do we go about this?
What do you consider as Asset?
2 paid off charge offs, How long will it affect me getting an auto loan?
Investment / Retirement account for 16 year old cousin?
Can someone help me with the financial implications of living in one state but working in another?
Is a Home Warranty worth it?
How do I negotiate a competitive salary given that I am young for the position I am interested in?
People who took a second job to pay off debt: what was it and what was the difference in pay between main job and second job?
Mint.com Can anyone explain this pop-up?
Alternatives to savings account. I don't want to do an IRA with this money, because I might need to use it at some point. Vanguard?
Liquid assets or additional retirement?
CC Consolidation good option for student?
Is there an offline equivalent of Shoeboxed for tracking expenses?
What is the reasoning behind Overdraft Fees? Are they just punitive, or do checking accounts briefly overdrawn actually create problems for banks?
Union beneficiary?
Are my friends breaking the law? (CA)
Paying off $28,000 debt in a year possible? (AU)
Buying Discount Gift Cards, Taxable?
Out of school, budget, goals, and life advice?
How do i successfully build a budget for my self?
I just started a new job with a good selection of 401k funds. I have several IRA accounts from various brokers which I plan to consolidate. Should I rollover those IRA accounts into my empolyer's 401k or just consolidate them in a Vanguard account?
Am i building credit? (New York)
(UK) Student Debt after death?
[Canada] Best savings/investment with the highest returns for under $500k?
Lay it to me. How bad do I suck? Advice appreciated.(LONG)
My husband and I were given $34k in a Merrill Lynch investment account when we got married. We're meeting with our account manager soon- what do we ask?
Which loan to pay first and how fast?
Financial Planning advice - CFP for 30s couple getting married, house, family?
Chase or Bank of America for first bank account?
30 F - asset allocation in "Aggressive Growth Mix" - Is this good or bad?
Switching jobs - what is my pension worth?
Best use of OT?
Who do I call about getting my credit card limit raised? Visa or my bank?
Moved to a state where my bank doesn't operate, should I change banks?
Offered job that offers stock to buy for discount. Do I buy?
Catching up on my credit card debt - does consolidation make sense here?
Got some money, no need to spend, it, what to do? (UK)
I've filed my LLC and now I'm shopping for a bank. What should I be looking for in a bank for my new business? Are fees the most important thing as they are in general investing?
MBNA SmartCash spending limit?
Is there a list of banks which reimburse you for ATM fees? Is it unheard of for a credit union to do this?
What's a "good" credit card APR?
Does someone have to file taxes on a car with the IRS?
Car loan feels like a brute.. what can I do?
Student Loans - Consolidation, Income Based Repayment?
Can someone please ELI5 the difference between a w2 and A w9. ros and cons of a w9 for an employee?
Continue Contribution to Vanguard 2050 VFIFX Fund?
Thinking of opening Chase Freedom and Discover It at the same time?
Adult disabled child receiving SSDI on parents earning. What happens when parents dies?
Just found out about an account in collections. It's been there for 4 years. Insurance was supposed to have paid it, now I pay the price for their error?
Just received a job offer, is this a good 401(k) plan?
Income properties? I have enough for a down-payment for a house near mine, and was thinking of buying, and having the rent pay the mortgage, good idea? (CA)
I talked a parent out of an investment scam, I think. Did I do the right thing?
Working on building my credit with a Secured card. Went over the limit, paid immediately, what negatives would I expect from this?
How could I budget better on our limited income?
Smart401k.com - Legit?
I've got ~$6k sitting in an HSA. The account has no fees, but also generates no interest. I'm no longer eligible to contribute to an HSA. What should I do with this money?
Help me pull the trigger--investing show biz payment for my 8 year old--Dad says put it in drip stocks, you guys like index funds, what about 529's?
Is trading your car in for a lease, a good way to get out of being upside-down on your loan?
Company wants me to work as an independent contractor. What do I need to know?
Is a Lending Club loan right for me now?
Is this a Black Friday Scam or is what they're doing perfectly legit?
Is this a Black Friday Scam or is what they're doing perfectly legit?
What's the most common 401k employer matching program? If "Your contributions, up to 6% of gross pay, will result in a employer contribution match of 25%", is that a sub-par matching program?
Should I have been filing taxes this entire time?
What are good checking accounts that have no fees, very little minimums, good ATM support, allows for check deposit via apps, and has overdraft protection?
What to do with 30,000 in cash instead of letting it sit in savings account?
Fresh out of college, but does buying a home make financial sense for me in 6 months?
I've always been terrible with handling money. No matter how much money I get, chances are I will spend it all. Help?
Employment opportunities, what degree to choose?
Father died receiving SS do I have to pay his tax bill?
Is there a real reason that savings acct. have the 6 transaction limit?
How can I track gains in Vanguard 401k?
Two banks competing for a mortgage loan, who should I choose? Details inside.
Good FICO score, poor creditworthiness. Best way to improve credit history with no loans?
Pay school loan or invest in TSP?
Is there a difference between the Discover Card and the "Discover it®" card? Is it just marketing spin?
Inaccurate past due account on my credit report. What are my options??
I am lazy and eat way too much fast food. How can I stop this and have a reasonable food budget?
Is the difference between a savings and checking account purely semantics?
USAA IRA instead of vanguard?
Job doesn't withhold taxes. How much should I put back?
Is it better for me to apply for all the credit cards I want sooner rather than later?
Which US bank to open an account with as a Canadian?
Am I ready to move out on my own?
Swop one rental house for another?
Australian Citizen, in USA on work Visa. How much can i contribute to my Australian Super Annuation without incurring penalties?
What are the chances of refinancing a high interest auto loan only a few months into it?
Any advice/examples of a "Death Binder"? Want to organize my finances in an easy to digest manner in case of death.
Specific retirement question if I plan to work at the same place for 30 years which of these two plans is the best?
My mom made several credit cards in my name. Is that ok?
If I work 30-40 Hours a week on just above £7 an hour, how much would this be a year after tax? (UK)
Best tips for *actually* saving money on Black Friday?
Best personal finance program?
Too many hits on my CB? (CA)
Is it better to make additional payments on my mortgage (3.5%), or invest the money since I'll likely make a better return?
My grandfather has property owed to him from the state of Texas but passed away. Can my grandma receive the property owed?
What to do with my money?
Auto: when buying a new car what's better cash down or trade in equity?
Student loan interest rates adjustability?
I'm a college kid with a bit of extra money and already have a Roth IRA, what should I do with the extra?
Closed credit card with balance? Will it Continue to report?
We all respect and admire billionaires and uber-wealthy people who live relatively humble lives. But aren't they part of the reason the wealth gap is getting so big?
Credit score drop, unsure why?
401k contribution too high?
Working for a small company, been buying equipment and been getting reimbursed, which Credit Card Rewards to get?
Should I get a professional MBA from the University of Illinois?
What type of savings account to use?
I want to reduce my spending to close to $0. Would it be a bad idea to have two recurring subscriptions on my cards and leaving them at home?
How do I get back my 401k investments from a past employer?
What are the risks of using a mortgage banker vs. a known big bank for a 30 year fixed?
Parents arguing over inheritance...who's right?
What is the best time to pay off your credit card each month?
How to start a 529/trust fund for a kid?
CapitalOne Black Friday deal on checking - $100 bonus. Is this worth doing?
Should I buy a new car in cash or finance to save for a down payment on house in 1 year?
How much discretionary spending do you get as a percentage of your gross salary?
Flex Spending Account- Can I still buy anything that is not a prescription?
Noob question: Vanguard Roth IRA with Target Retirement Fund, what to do with unrealized gain/loss?
Created a Vanguard Roth with $3k beginning of this month. Is Dec 31st the last day I can get it up to $5,500?
To consolidate or not to consolidate? Working towards being debt free.
Tax Deductions for Job Interviews?
Which method of debt payoff do you believe is best: snowballing or a debt avalanche? Why?
Possibly illegal?
Consolidated delinquent Perkins loan, can I remove from credit report?
Split mortgage payments? Is this legit?
Are there any apps that mimic the Simple app?
Who are your "Must-follow" people on twitter?
[US][Den] Are there any tax breaks for foreign families sending their child to the US for an apprenticeship?
Best way to take large amounts of time off without gaps in employment?
Would a tax free savings account be a good ace to park an emergency fund?
Student Loans. Pay now or save now?
Would a tax free savings account be a good place to keep an emergency fund?
I have ignored a huge tax problem for two years, want to clear it up, but am afraid of legal reprecussions. How should I do the right thing the right way?
Planning to open a Roth IRA with Vanguard by the end of the year, and consolidating my other IRA accounts with them. What funds should I go for if I were to do a 3-fund portfolio?
Just got a $4,000 medical bill (after insurance) for a poorly administered, completely inconclusive sleep study. Anyone ever disputed a claim and had it completely reversed/cancelled?
Can I make my initial deposit for a checking account using PayPal?
I'm a 23 year old student that just received an unexpected sum of amount of money from a relative. What should I do with it?
Debt, job and dreams? Long-term 1 vs long-term 2
Roth 401k loans, what's the deal?
Receiving 33k personal loan from mother-in-law. What is the best strategy to protect all parties?
How do you visualize your budget / spending?
I requested my Social Security card from the local official office, it did not come and it appears its lost in the mail or who knows. Should I request a fraud alert or something?
Unauthorized 401K withdrawal?
Unauthorized charges were placed on my checking and Credit card account from same bank. What steps do I need to protect myself?
I'm 16, and need some advice for what to do with my money. Any help?
I'm not in a bad financial situation, but I'm not sure how to intelligently manage my money. Advice?
Fraudulent SSI payments collected on my behalf from decades ago?
Graduating soon, trying to plan finances. What do you think?
What is basically the tl;dr version of the tax treaty between Canada and USA? I see people still saying that its hard for them to pay taxes for both countries?
Best way to save short-term? (3 months)
Users of PF, how are you doing financially? Let's hear some good success stories! Bad ones accepted too...
Investing for children?
Best personal finance forums?
Is an arm a good option?
PF, I'm young and have some spare dollars. Am I doing it right?
Avenger Trader Review - Is It Scam?
Got in a fender bender, now they're trying to extort me, how do I fight this?
Does anyone know anything about paying international credit cards/bills?
Contribute to 403b or pay off debt?
Authorized account on parent's old Exxon card that ended up with late payments and eventually became a "Charge-Off". Does this negatively affect my credit score?
Right time for a car?
After the lease runs out on a car, is it worthwhile to purchase it at the depreciated value?
When should I buy an umbrella insurance policy?
Starting Career- Are these goals realistic?
How to inquire about terms/$$ in a trust?
Thoughts on equal-weighted funds?
What Banks offer good rate for Savings Accounts?
Girlfriend's family barely enough for groceries. What should she do?
I am a first-year college student currently without loans. How do I manage my money?
Time to ditch the old car?
[Serious] Is an Amex worth it?
Best family budget software?
Can someone pls do the Math for me and help me with my hopeless financial situation? (student)
Pay off undergrad student debt before going to grad school? Or save??
How can a mortgage effect my future?
Received Escrow Surplus check... what's the catch? (if any)
Amex Fidelity - Thoughts?
To those of you with bi-monthly mortgage payments, how's it working out?
Finally debt free (sort of) What next? (CA)
$150k gift/tax implications?
Is there any reason NOT to pay off my car early?
Any good tips or guides to buying a new vehicle on a budget?
PF, how does a 20 year old plan ahead to get on his feet and be able to sustain and live by himself?
I have to roll over my 401k what is my best decision?
Planning on buying a car - is paying in cash an asset I could use in negotiations? If so, when during the process should I mention that?
PF, what Christmas present are you asking for and are any to help further your finances?
20 with no job history and no proper education, how do I get a job to make enough money to survive? (AU)
Where should I put extra money?
Ways to get student loans reduced?
I'm currently in the Army with minimal bills to pay. How should I start investing?
SO and I have separate banking accounts, but both accounts were compromised with fraudulent charges?
Just realized that I have 2,300 bitcoins in an old hard drive. What to do now?
Help with Dave Ramsey?
How young is too young to buy a house...?
I'm 19 and just found out that I have $200,000 to my name. I have no idea about money, what do I do?
Any advice on moving out of parents home/getting an apartment?
What can I do about my financial situation? SHOULD I do anything?
Personal Finance, I'm sending money overseas for the first time. If you sent before, how did you find and selected a provider?
Mortgage -- To good to be true? What are the risks?
27/m minimal credit card debt, 32k/yr job, small savings. What can I do better?
How can someone who deposits money into a savings account offset the cost of inflation?
Is leasing to own a 2015 Honda fit my only option?
Can I move out and make a living off $8hr, 40 hours a week?
Just found out BofA charges me $700 a year in check fees and they're dead to me... What banks have the best checking accounts?
Consolidating and returning to school?
My brothers challenge to me; should I take it?
My employer's DD is going to be 5 days late and bills have been autopaid. I'm overdrafted - what are my options?
Dilemma: Sell house to bail out mother and house, and give up privacy, or continue to live as planned?
[CREDIT] Inaccurate collection added to credit report, what's the fastest way to get it removed?
Have several medical bills of unclear insurance status - but if I call the institutions about them, will they send the bills prematurely?
Where can I go to purchase Intellectual Property for songs?
What am I supposed to do with my emergency fund?
What is the minimum salary I should be making in order to afford ~$1200 rent/month?
Tax effects of paying off a student loan?
Would it be wise to move out?
My BF's parents are giving him their house. Any bad ramifications from this?
Emergency fundage?
Reduction in auto-loan payment?
Dad died no will. Being divided between 3 kids. What are we suppose to do or who to talk to?
My student loans just went to collection (~18k). What's going to happen to me? What will happen if I don't pay the collection agency?
How much money to actually save for college?
To anyone here who pays bills online by using electronic funds transfer has it ever failed?
Need to book flights, should I wait?
Should I really be paying off my interest while I'm a student?
Should I become an uber driver?
I've researched myself dumb, too much jargon. Is the healthcare premium based on pre-withholding income, or just my actual usable income?
Thoughts on Capital One 360 checking?
Looking to get my own place on 16k per year - family reacts badly when I mention it - bad decision? (UK)
Family is willing to help with house down payment. What to do with the money we've been saving?
What is the best type of 2nd mortgage/home loan?
PhD fellowship of 20k USD per year. Is it a lot? [I'm from Europe]
SIMPLE IRA and low income year - do anything?
ADVICE NEEDED: Mom given a 6-mo cancer diagnosis, hasn't managed finances well - What to do?
What percent of your budget would you set aside for therapists/mental health?
Got two bills from the hospital, is there anything I can do? I hardly remember getting this.
What do you do to incentivize/reward yourself?
How do promotions work?
Pay off the house, or invest?
Tuition Reimbursement in Canada?
buy now or rent and save? (CANADA)
IRA while still paying student loans?
Tried to open a Cap One 360 checking account, got denied. I already have a brick-and-mortar Cap One checking account for 2 years. What gives?
What to do with my 401k from a previous job?
Gifting a sum of money to be included in estate and not taxed until passing?
Receiving $9,000 soon, have no debts. Anything useful I could do for myself besides save in checking/savings account?
Where should I invest/save money to return to parents in time for their retirement?
Married! Where to go from here?
How do you register paper shares in a public company?
Working just above min. wage supporting 5 people...help?
How to learn to self-manage a large amount of money?
Looking for a way to cover medical costs, where to start...?
New car or much older used car? Car needed for job (AU)
I am 16 y/o with 1,200$ in my bank and a job to help that number grow. What should I do to benefit me most financially in the future?
How in the world do you file your taxes and why didn't they teach me this in high school?
[Savings] Making minimum wage/close to minimum wage, how should we start saving now?
401k rollover - whats the best way to do it?
$1200 reasonable for fee-only financial advisor?
what to do with 529 when you've got the income to pay for college?
What to do with extra money on a monthly basis?
Should I seek Professional Tax Preparer for Next Year?
How will filing jointly affect mine and my wife's IBR?
What are some great places to invest on a ~$1700/mo income?
Probably a stupid question, but could I get a home loan in America to pay for a house in Australia? I'm a dual citizen.
HR called, I am a finalist for the job. When to talk salary?
How much cash does everyone typically carry?
20 year old landlord?
Credit repair or counselor?
Are there any paranoid steps that actually make sense?
What are the tax advantages for starting a S-Corp?
Can you get Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) at a 501(c)6? What about an organization that has a fiscal sponsor but isn't an independent 501(c)3?
Are unused credit accounts better off closed?
I'm 19 years old and I have a problem with eating out. How am I supposed to budget against something that is almost an addiction?
My iphone 5 just became a brick. What is my cheapest option to buy a temporary phone and simply swap SIM cards?
Wife and I are looking to build our first credit together. Mattress Firm?
Does working in graduate school count toward the loan forgiveness program?
How many credit cards do you have? How much available credit?
(UK) 17 - Planning on getting a car when 18 - Loan Advice?
Is it better to get insurance through work, tax-wise?
A great method for sharing costs for roommates. What do you think?
Using a credit card to pay off my car?
401k contribution limit: calendar year?
Investment opportunities for internationally mobile pair?
Should I withdraw my retirement to help pay for Medical School, or roll it into my Roth IRA?
Had a baby and bought a house this year. Should I get a professional to file my taxes?
Personal Finance Resources for New Grads in Tech? (xpost /r/CSCareerQuestions)
[US] Credit agency reports; what does one give up if one does not have a 'good' credit report?
Lying about current salary?
Any recommendations for a 401k? Details inside.
Thinking about switching to the snowball method. Anyone use it?
Recently married, no interest in filing jointly, what to do with my Roth IRA?
Looking for Smart Investment ?
I'm getting a refund on my pension contributions. Anything I need to consider?
Getting married next year - what should I know about taxes, health insurance, and retirement plans?
How (and what) do I plan for life post-college?
Graduating in May with 60,000 salary and ~45,000 student loans. Help?
What is a reasonable credit line for a 23-year-old with a decent salary?
Was kicked out. Advice?
Looking to refinance house.. should I?
Quick Question: Where did the story of "you have to carry a balance to build credit" come from?
If things persist as they are now, I will come out of college $46,597 in debt. How do I manage this?
I need to finance a new computer for my small business. I've got two options, which one should I go for?
[Budgeting] Students of PF, what does your monthly budget look like?
Timeframes for saving in a savings account vs. stocks vs. bonds?
How do the few extra part-time jobs that you barely work any hours at have an effect on getting unemployment when you get laid off from your full-time career?
How do I file my taxes? Confused, new to independent contractor filing.
180% Utilization - Can I still be approved for a new Credit Card Application?
Offered a job in Luxembourg, taxed by the Ottawa agreement rules. What does this mean?
Best way for my mother to gift a large sum of cash to be used for our new home?
Should I walk away from my mortgage? What are the consequences?
Are high utility bills an acceptable reason to break a lease early?
(CA) Thinking about dipping into trust fund to pay off current debt. Any advice?
Health insurance 2015?
Is this a reasonably smart time of the year to add to index funds, or should I simply stick to "early and often"?
I got into a vehicle collision and backed into someone's car. Is it better to pay out-of-pocket than have my car insurance pay for it?
Can I/Should I add my husband to my Roth IRA?
College Senior, what to do with 1500 in savings account?
Is there any benefit in paying extra toward mortgage principle if you plan on selling before it gets paid off?
How did you learn to cook at home, and save money by not going out to eat?
Should I buy a house?(US)
Officially part time, yet working full time, how do I proceed?
Income about to double. What should I be aware of?
What do you think about new PayPal partner?
Offer letter ambiguity - what is the industry standard for performance reviews?
I want to buy a savings bond for my infant niece for Christmas, is this a good idea?
Mom passed and I inherited $95,000+ of investment accounts. What now?
Small amount of credit card debt, best way to clear it up?
My friends spend way too much of their money. How can I help them without them hating me?
Looking to purchase first house...what type of incentives are there?
How reasonable is it to move out?
Should I use my Vanguard Roth IRA to pay for future education expenses or get a Student Loan?
All the benefits of refinancing an auto loan?
2.5 years left in the military. Good plan?
Is there a credit card that combines all your credit cards into one ? Here me out ...
Do you have to pay back loans and pellgrants if you fail class?
Paying bills with a rewards card... how?
Am I saving enough?
Thinking about refinancing our house to help pay a few other things. Thoughts?
What are the long-term ramifications of my student loan going to collections?
What is the best credit card for a new college graduate with zero debt?
How many bank accounts should one have?
ESPP purchases at 5% discount, funds contributed at post-tax basis. What would the effective annual rate of return be if I sold immediately after the shares are purchased at the 5% discount?
Is it worth cutting down on emergency fund savings to pay off high interest debt?
Charge daily expenses on debit or credit?
Thinking of bailing on an apartment lease to move out of state for better employment opportunity. Bad idea?
What income should I have for a Mortgage?
To borrow or not to borrow? (Student loans thread)
22 y/o newly employed - Should I contribute more to 403(b) or open IRA?
Can you change the contract a dept settlement agency set up?
How does personalfinance feel about high deductible health plans?
What's the best way to get my money out of an old HSA?
Suggestions for emergency-use credit card with approx $5k limit?
Get paid in USD but live in Canada. How can I best optimize conversions to CAD?
Paying off student loans vs. investing?
How do I regain control of spending?
Health Insurance - Are higher premiums worth keeping HSA eligibility?
Am I allowed to choose who my 403b provider is?
best option for going to school, when only one spouse has income(50k)? Can the other spouse be eligible for financial aid? how should we file taxes? Anyone in my position? (US)
Employer using vacation time for holiday pay without permission?
Told a Debt Collector that I'm unemployed and have no income, they then hung up. Why?
Having trouble deciding on how to plan going to school and being able to pay for my current expenses. Any advice?
New home owner here. What do I need to know financial wise with tax time on the horizon?
Getting engaged to a high net worth individual: What should I know and how should I prepare before popping the question?
Should I use retirement fund to buy a home?
tax benefits of marriage?
What happens to my credit if I continue to repay less than my student loan minimum/interest rate?
Is a credit analyst a good position for a recent business graduate?
Help me think this through: Should I sell my business for a few million dollars?
Employer Relo Payback required but they forgot? What should I do?
Help! Taking out loans for Physician Assistant school?
Not sure if I should be paying taxes?
What type of investment should I rollover a retirement account, from an previous job/employer, into for the greatest gain and minimum to moderate risk? (x-post r/AskReddit)
How will increasing my budget now impact my medical school loan repayment (200K debt expected)?
Does anyone have experience with "blended rate" wages, where only a portion is taxable?
Unbeknownst to me, when I was 18 I signed a trust for my brothers Self-Managed Super Fund, I am now 25 years old and found out that I am actually a trustee, yet I have done no work, and kept no records, what should I do? (AU)
How to convert FTE salary to contractor wage?
What to look for in a bank?
(EU) Is my plan for future any good ? Includes buying flat, start to investing.
I see a lot of advice on how to buy a car - how about the opposite. How to sell a car?
I have a big student overdraft but I just quit uni for an apprenticeship. What can I do about my overdraft? (UK)
Is it worth it for me to fix my car?
What does it mean for a check to post? What does it mean for a check to clear?
693 Transunion score, high utilization, bankruptcy from 2005...I'm looking for a rewards card...suggestions?
Is it worth it to sell old US paper bonds?
Crowdsourcing grad school?
I'm an independent contractor and I missed paying 3 tax seasons. Whats the best way to catch myself up so I can apply for a home loan?
Student Loans: Is IBR or Deferment the best choice for me?
Should I file joint taxes with wife?
Help! How do I prevent my credit from dropping after signing up for Lending Tree?
Pay off Loan with Credit Card to Reap Rewards?
Help! How do I prevent my credit from dropping after signing up for Lending Tree?
What to pay off first?
Got a pay for delete. Will it automatically be removed from my credit report or do I need to contact all of the credit reporting agencies?
Help: How to I scale up in real estate effectively?
(UK) What to do with £200,000 as a 21 yo graduate?
Different world than when I went to college; How do I advise my kids?
Applying for a credit card with a "Debt paid in full" action on report?
What is the best time to get discounts? Right before or right after Christmas?
I make about $160 a month... Do I need to do anything?
Negotiating lease renewal price?
$80 in my FSA. How to use it up?
Is Debt Settlement worth it?
Does anyone know what Fisher Investments put people in? I can't find any of there fund fees on their web site, it seems they pulled them.
Should I cash in my inexpensive whole life policy?
How much should I deduct from housemate's security deposit for cleaning?
What to charge for being a personal driver in my own car ?
Is my apt complex screwing me over?
Moving to Brooklyn for a new job. How do I plan out my finances in advance to make sure I am making enough to live?
PF, what was your student loan debt after graduation and how long did it take for you to pay it off?
Would taking this job be worth it?
How to pay off two student loans. Start with one, or pay them off evenly?
Just bought a house.....how much end year Tax should I actually get back for this?
Is it better in the long term for me to switch banks or stay?
Bonus paid Dec 12th, Vacation planned Dec 18th -31st, new job starts Jan 5th. Give 2wk notice , or wait for bonus. What would you do?
Broke college student - know nothing about finance or employment - is bartending a good idea or horrible idea?
Debt.. Advice?
Several Roth IRAs?
I feel like this Whole Life policy might be different from the rest? Please tell me if I'm wrong
My work classifies me as a "contractor," what can I do to save money on taxes?
When to close credit cards? How many cards should a person have?
I've elected to use my company's HSA which is offered through MyBenefitWallet. Which of these funds are good for a three-fund portfolio?
29 years old, just married. Does it make sense to claim 2 dependents and up my pretax 401k contributions?
Is Getting offered Non-Qualified Deferment penalizing me for being an HCE? If I don't end up hitting the cap, is the enrollment opportunity something to take advantage of?
Best way to buy stocks?
[Car insurance] What's a good premium?
Changed employment terms, losing $6,000 in PTO, any recourse?
What % salary increase would you require to leave your job?
Roth IRA fund allocation and expense ratios or, Is getting Admiral shares at the expense of portfolio diversification worth it?
Tax implications of transferring a car title?
Name on title of In-Law's car?
Following a budget while on a irregular income?
Do I need a payment agreement? Paying a judgment.
Benefit from BOTH the Child Care tax break AS WELL AS a DCAP with only one dependent?
Pay off student loans or invest? (CA)
Wage Garnishment more than double since last month?
Do I take the job?
How do I negotiate with a car dealership?
Getting rid of stock?
Pay off student debt or pay off house?
Grandmother losing house to foreclosure, any ways she could salvage it and keep the house?
Emptying 401k to pay off a loan. Good idea?
Good review site for mortgage companies?
Inherited ~$13k from my grandmother, worried how it will affect my financial aid in college?
SEP IRA to shelter self employed income?
Saving money for kids should I put it away for their retirement or their college?
Cash out refinance to fund business venture vs. selling home and using cash?
Starting Plans Early?
Just killed my student loans and can now save for a house down payment. Is a savings account the best option for a 3-5 year timeline?
Max out HSA before contributing to ROTH IRA?
Lifetime learning credit information?
What to do with my Roth 401k?
Text Message Fraud?
Where do assets go if there's no beneficiary?
Should I make significant contributions to my 401k if my company doesn't match?
MIL has horrendous whole life. Where to guide her?
Why does the car dealership want my car so bad?
am i making the right move buying a house?
Professional workers; does anyone have any experience in establishing yourself in a smaller city? (~100k pop)
ELI5: What's the difference between EFT and ACH?
Is this a reasonable breakdown of expenses?
What is your motivation?
getting married next yr, but should we legally now for potential tax benefits? i earn 100k she is a grad student..
Why should I wait until the billing cycle ends to pay credit card off?
Do I need to file taxes on money made through side jobs for a friend?
Tax Benefits of Paying on girlfriend's student loans?
Can you get a loan (auto, personal, etc) without having any credit?
Does Discover Card report authorized users?
I got a weird letter in the mail from Telecheck. Is this a scam?
What To Expect from a Financial Advisor?
What should I do in my Car Insurance situation?
How do I tell if my life insurance is whole life or term life insurance?
Someone used my credit card. Call cops?
Software/other resources for handling nanny payroll?
In general, how much should I be spending on insurance in total each month?
5 year or fixed? Being smart and/or being safe?
Is my roommate trying to rip me off on rent?
Life insurance policy is reaching end of term. What are my best options?
How much of a cash deposit will raise suspicions?
How long should I wait between applying for credit cards? (CA)
Use 5 year CD as emergency fund / credit building?
Redeemed cash back for a statement credit... So how much do I owe?
Inheriting fruitful estate. What do I do next?
Should I get another credit card now?
I just received an offer for a position, now how should I budget my salary?
Is supplemental cancer insurance a good choice?
For an amateur on this topic, can you tell me why several sources are predicting a possible upcoming stock market crash.And do these views hold any weight ?
Buy or Lease to get rid of negative car equity?
As a compromise, I'm going to see my families financial advisor to "discuss options". What do I need to know going in, and what should I look out for?
401K Rollover?
I think my mother has put me in debt through Council Tax?
Are there any trustworthy online loans?
How do I declare income for reimbursed expenses I initially paid for my parents?
Girlfriend made a dumb purchase with "no returns or refunds". Any options?
Adoption Savings Options?
I didn't know it was in collections - what now?
Income more than tripling in the next year. What should we do?
I need to take out a business loan. Where should I start?
Applying for first Credit Card, Is it better to get one from my bank or from outside?
What is my tax liability when selling mutual funds?
Car Refinance Worth It For Me? (xpost from /r/frugal)
UK Stamp Duty Change - will you be better off when buying a property?
Company 401k with not very good expense ratio and end of year contribution match - is it a waste to contribute in 2015?
Avalanche vs Snowball method for paying off student loans?
College student starting an internship, what should I claim on my w-4?
Stupid to put miles on my car? (BMW)
$3700 to fix my car while I still owe $8000 on it. What do I do?
Any thoughts on this write-up of why emergency funds should be invested?
[MI] the amount of taxes withheld from my paycheck went up?
A friend of mine will inherit around $300,000 when she turns 18. What are the best ways for her to invest it wisely?
(UK) - Credit scores for later life? read please.
Budgeting for my first "real job" -- how much will I be paying in taxes + insurance?
Is someone responsible for my screw up?
My Prudential 401k performance after 1.5 yrs, Any thoughts or advice?
Reddit, how do you control how you spend your money?
Is it worth it to work two jobs?
Pay off small loan or pay towards CC with 0% interest currently?
College grad with no debt: How to handle future debts?
What type of funds should I invest my HSA contributions in?
Move is imminent - does it matter when?
Newly jobless, and can't make student loan payments right now. Does it help your credit to pay a small amount rather than miss the payment completely?
Receiving $10K to put towards a house, but I’m not ready yet. Should I leave it alone, or invest it?
Girlfriend unqualified for FAFSA, need private student loans?
If you start making a little money from your hobbies, is there a certain point at which you have to add it to your income for your taxes, or is it something you need to add to your income from the start, even if it is only like, $10 a month? (Canada)
How to stop a wage garnishment that has already been paid but keeps taking my paycheck?
No state income tax. Should I invest with a Roth 401(k) as opposed to the Traditional?
Should I switch my banking from BoA to USAA?
How can I eliminate my 8k debt the most efficient way?
Best ways to invest 10k in early twenties?
Followed the FAQ... now what?
20 year old, planning on grad and medical school, what should I do with the 12k I have saved?
I know I have stocks in Dell 10 years ago, how do I find out what and where they are?
Preparing for first home -- Am I doing it right?
[serious] PF, when am I allowed to buy a new vehicle?
Possible hidden benefit of a traditional IRA over a Roth IRA?
Do personal notes for pending transactions in Mint carry over once the transaction has been processed?
For those with a TSP, what fund should I invest in?
Travel Expenses for Work. Tax write off?
Do New York State Residents Pay NYC Income Tax?
Are my taxes unnecessarily high? Is there anything I can do to lower them?
Charity?
How can I help my parents get a new place and move out?
About to be laid off after 5 years and suddenly the company changed it's policy on severance. What do I do?
Where should I keep house deposit for the next six to eight months?
Easy IRA question: Roth or Traditional?
Lots of overtime this year. What's the best way to soften the blow when Uncle Sam comes to collect next April?
Getting married. Does it make sense to just combine our investments?
Maxing out 401(k) with my own business?
Am I world's biggest idiot if I move across the world and take a 66% paycut if I still have over 110K in student loan debt?
How did you handle the financial crisis of 2008-2009?
Buying my first house, budget might be tight. Did I think of everything?
How best to sell a single ordinary and unappraised diamond ring?
Recent geographical transplant, currently have a financed car but I am receiving a new company car. Advice on selling?
Owe money to several banks, what do I do?
Should I buy a house now or wait?
Sell or hold RSUs?
I have a chronic disease that may cause me to die early. Should I still invest in an IRA?
How do I refinance a car loan?
Started Ch 13 broke, but now my business is doing very well. Are there any options to protect my income?
32% student loan intrest rate! What are my options to lower this?
Will refinancing student loan debt hurt my credit?
3d Printing Could Greatly Reduce the Value of Existing Homes Over the Next Few Decades. Problem?
Time to shop for new auto insurance. Cheapest place to go?
I need advice. Recently learned I should have been taking RMDs from an inherited beneficiary IRA for the last ten years. Consequences?
I am a student, working at a small business (3 employees) and my boss has stopped paying me. What should I do? (NZ)
How to budget around a wildly fluctuating income?
Recently came into $3K. How can I spend it on my student loans (~25K) to best effect?
Unemployment running out, no job, what do I do?
(CA) What would be the best use of $5000, from a TFSA?
Should I contribute to under-performing IRA annuity or open a new one?
What would you steps would you recommend to set up a website for a small business? (CA)
Want to put 2k away for my toddler son and 2k for my infant nephew. What are my options?
Student loan question (i'm new to this: please bear with me). I have $1000 in my account I'm willing to pay off debt with. Loan A is $4000, and Loan B is at $2500, both with interest rate of 6.55%. Which do I apply the $1000 to? does it even matter?
21F- 401K or Roth or Both?? How?? What?? Should I???
Utility bill has gone to collections, how to proceed?
Pay off my car loan asap?
How to manage money when living off of school loans?
I am planning on moving out of the province, how much should I save? (CAN)
What type of help am I looking for?
Hit $13.5k in debt across 10 CCs. Do I now consolidate, y/n?
When to 'cash out'?
(CA) Gifted $ towards our wedding costs, should I use it to pay down debts now, only to go back into debt for the wedding?
Where should I look for an auto loan?
Consolidate assets into new parent company, or not?
What are some fixed income ideas that won't be affected by interest rates?
My girlfriend survived cervical cancer but has a ton of medical debt. If we got married would we both be screwed financially?
Dollar Cost Averaging on Backdoor Roth?
26, living in Canada and investing for the first time, am I being had?
Use my 401K to pay student loans?
State Income Taxes on Money Earned outside the state?
Roth IRA or 401k? I need help.
How is control divided between trustee and beneficiary in a special needs trust?
I'm going to invest $1,000 in a Roth IRA account. Which fund is good for such a small amount? Is a 3-fund portfolio even worthwhile for this small?
Need help, should I file for bankruptcy ?
Anyone ever try a credit repair service?
Disability Income Insurance - Is it worth it?
Using company "credit" because mine is hopelessly bad?
Should a collection's negative effect on credit fade with time?
Would someone mind reviewing my portfolio breakdown in my IRA?
Massachusetts not allowed to set up IRA account if unemployed for entire year??
Purchasing a car or house first?
HSBC Graduate Analyst Program?
Best way to file non-resident state taxes as a 100% travel consultant?
Starting Pensions in your Twenties - Can you concentrate on the Word Pensions for more than 30 Seconds?
Are there any portfolio tracking apps/programs that account for dividend reinvestment in calculating total return?
How best to consolidate our retirement accounts?
NS&amp;I Premium Bonds and passing them on in your will? (UK)
What, in your opinion, is the best passive or semi-passive income?
How do I increase my credit score?
401K options changing. For the worse right?
Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Plan?
Read this to know How to earn money from Google Adsense?
How do I improve my credit score?
I think I might have been scammed from an online purchase... Is there anything I can do?
Is it legal to have a penalty for breaking a CD be more than the interest earned on the CD?
How much would one "late payment" hurt my credit?
Credit Union offering $100k Accidental Death/Dismemberment Insurance for $10/mnth. Worth it?
How should I prioritize? Emergency fund, move, job?
Suggestions for Credit Card?
Is it possible to graduate in the United States without insurmountable debt?
Laid off, When do I rollover 401k?
I accepted a job offer. Is it too late to negotiate salary?
Selling side business. Rule of thumb for asking price?
LOTS of college debt on credit cards, best options?
Paying for a kitchen with ISO (options.) Should I sell more options which have a higher strike or fewer options which have a lower strike?
First credit card?
PSA: Federal Student Loan Consolidation has Fees? Becareful of Great Lakes!!!
Giving the gift of gold - good idea or bad idea?
Credit Score -- Does only your most recent balance factor in?
Is there a "Hazard Scenario" evaluation that can be performed to discover any holes in my home/auto insurance coverage?
Buying a new car - have enough cash to buy outright. Finance and invest cash or buy outright?
Hi Reddit, Can you help me decide on an insurance plan provided by my employer?
Is it ever too late to open a Roth IRA?
[Serious] When is it ok to spend?
Will Section 8 Housing prevent future home loans?
I might have ruined my credit score. Advice?
How to handle my savings and student loans?
When should I file my credit dispute?
Where should I begin? (CA)
Do I need a permanent life insurance policy?
$40k post tax to invest - Max Roth IRA and then what?
(UK) Student and just bought a house. Did I make a mistake?
Advice for financing a start after college?
What percentage of people earning between 200-300k annually are small business owners?
Standard deduction and personal exemption apply to Roth conversion?
Am I doing enough to build credit as a college student? And credit or debit?
Closing an Old Bank Account?
Is home ownership a good idea for me at this time?
Full time or Contract?
22yo Just went to my first 401k meeting. Company matches 10% of the first 4% with a 6 year vesting period. Is it even worth it?
What's your credit limit and income?
Target Date Retirement Account Funds - Why is there a percentage in cash?
What is the best paying summer job?
Can you negotiate a buyout price on your lease if your residual value is significantly higher than the actual market value of the car?
Here's my budget, is there anything you might do differently?
If I purchase TurboTax before Dec 31 can I use the charge as deduction?
Help me pick my first bank account?
First time home buyer. $10k saved and $90k household income. Better to rent for a while or buy?
Where to start on 10+ year student loans?
I haven't filed taxes in over 20 years. How do I get started now? more info in the comments
My mother recently fell for an online scam. Could I get some advice on how to get my money back? (IRE)
About to graduate, start full time, and get married. How can I improve my plan?
College student, not working. Was given an inherited IRA. I can take the RMD, but should I take more given my $0 income?
Not knowing what I was doing, I bought term life insurance last year. Should I keep it?
Moving from intern to full-time salaried employee. What is fair under the circumstances, and how do I make sure I get it?
Need advice in a monetary transaction, is there any risk involved on my end?
What are the best real time stock tracking apps for an android phone?
How will marriage affect us?
Balance transfer intro APR - if I don't pay it before the 0% period ends, will I get hit with interest on the whole amount?
Merrill Edge Transaction Fee?
What are the disadvantage of taking unemployment benefits? Credit, legal implication towards next job etc. (USA, AR)
military TSP. good idea?
I owe the IRS based off of 2012 taxes. Will this affect my credit score?
Seeking advice - Emigrate to US?
Have 10k to pay off student loans. Have various loans with different principals, interest rates. How do I calculate which loan to pay off?
They want more earnest money?
Senior in high school, part-time job, should I be worried about saving?
I received a one month free move in special. Should I break it down across 12 months?
Help Getting Back On Track?
I almost reach the 1099k tax form threshold, should I be worried that they will force me to still fill it out?
full payment on credit card every month not secure enough?
Can my ex-employer seek $$ I owe them for testing?
Job interview for a lecturing position in China, negotiate salary? (IE)
Do I put a higher down payment upfront or pay to the principal in a few months?
Should I use $5k in annual passive income to pay down mortgage or invest in stocks?
I'm 17, and want to invest 15,000k in a Vanguard account. How to open?
Hospital gave me wrong bank information, transferred $25 in a random someone's bank account and the bank won't give it back?
How to make money while home for the holidays? 2 weeks.
What action should I take? Being contacted for collection for university charges
How valuable is the investment of life experience vs that of traditional financial investment? $30,000 at stake, encourage me or talk me out of this.
Canceling my permanent life insurance policy and my agent links me this video. How can I refute this?
17, US. What should I do with my car situation?
I was served a "summons" from a collections agency regarding unpaid medical bills. I can't afford an attorney. What the hell do I do?
I finally made my goal for my Emergency Fund!!! Now what?
Please help! Girlfriend bought a car today, crazy terrible financing details. What can she do?
I am graduating college soon, and I have saved a little over $50,000. How should I spend/invest it?
Vanguard explenation please?
Recent Job Change Impacting Potential Mortgage Loan (and more PF home buying questions)?
sell the family business?
Winter Gas Heating Bill Help?
Graduated 6 months ago, in debt, and I can't find work in my field because of my area. What should be my next move?
Can I upgrade apartments?
Vanguard RothIRA: Switch from target (VFIFX) to admiral (VTSAX) after $10000?
How can u protect my wife's credit if I file bankruptcy?
How can I protect my wife if I file for bankruptcy? Will it destroy her new financial history as well?
what to do with this money?
To establish residency, I need to open a Washington State bank account. I'm from California and bank with Bank of America. Can I just change the address on my account?
What does PF think of the Fidelity Cash Management account?
Would it be wise to take out a loan from a bank (approximately 3% interest) to pay off student loans ($22,000 at 6.8% interest)?
How can I exchange my expensive car for something that will truly make me happy?
I always hear about "tax write offs" and am starting a new job where I know I will qualify for some. So, in the simplest terms possible please, how do they work?
How do I calculate if my money most usefully spent on a mortgage deposit or left in investments? [UK]
Any advice on buying a brand new car with my current financial situation (CH)?
Do you save or do you pay off debt first?
Fail Friday?
Who gets the LI payout? Executor or 20y/o beneficiary?
24 years old, 13k in credit card debt. Should I consolidate by taking out a personal loan?
How to become authorized to make financial arrangements for my husband's student loans?
Keep saving or switch phone plans?
Employer Stock Plan? Stick with Vanguard?
Im looking to open a new bank account, does anyone have any banks that they really love working with, or hate? Also credit union vs bank, what is your opinion?
Should I just match my employer contribution for my HSA?
Investing a windfall - all at once or dollar-cost average?
Going to transfer soon, what to do with my "underwater" home?
There is a Misc. Credit on my account that says it is an ATM Credit with a bunch of numbers after it. I don't recognize it. Should I be worried even if it is a credit and not a transaction?
I purchased a car on loan in April 2014. I paid $6000 in cash and had a 30 month loan for another $7000. I have been paying a little extra and can pay off the rest ($5200) now. Is that a good idea? How does this affect my credit rating? It's a 5%
Mint App Update?
Do banks still verify that the depositor of a check is the person it is written out to?
Senior in college, what do I do with my money?
Car died and needs to be replaced ASAP - do I borrow from retirement fund if possible?
Transfering existing stock into Roth IRA?
Setting up an investment count for a third party?
Should I buy a cheap car with a little debt and anticipate repairs, or a slightly expensive car with significantly more debt?
What are the best credit cards?
Is savings account interest taxable? Is there a threshold under which you pay no tax?
I received an unexpected charge on my credit card and I'm worried I won't be able to pay it off in time. Will this affect my credit score?
What is a "must-read" book on investing strategies in your opinion?
Moving, and need to free up cash. Best solution?
We went from broke to 6 figures. Can someone evaluate my/his life plan(s), and look at our budget? 25/26 in San Francisco, CA
About to graduate from college with a 35k/year job and 20k in the bank. Where do I go from here?
Should Charles Schwab be my guy?
Should I just put my monthly savings toward loans?
Wife has no income, high debt. I have no debt, average income. How does this play out?
Should I wait to get a credit card?
How to protect my mom financially when father is needing long-term medical care that may not be covered?
Why invest in any bond funds at all unless you are counting on that money in the next few years?
Grandfather gifted me $10k to help pay off student loans. Can I deduct the interest I paid on these loans from my income if I didn't earn it?
What do I do if I have no money to pay for taxes?
Due to my disability (Schizophrenia) I cannot hold a job. I always get fired. How can I stay independent?
How do I get control of my Grandfather's finances before he winds up on the street?
How do I find a good tax person?
What options are available to consumers who bank with financial institutions who rearrange transactions to incur the most fees?
I just got offered a job (which I'm accepting), which has stock options as part of it's benefits package. It's listed as "Options: 10K (with 1-yr cliff, 4-yr vesting)". What does this mean?
As a former Sony employee who is affected by their recent massive data breach what should I be doing to protect my identity?
What to do after using emergency fund?
Is my 401k really worth maxing out for a low % match?
Best 2 year investment plan? (US)
Should I get an umbrella policy?
My debit card info keeps getting stolen. What am I doing wrong?
Why do companies select bad 401k plans?
Should I switch to an inferior medical insurance plan that my employer will essentially pay for?
Looking to telecommute for companies in other US States. Will I have to pay income tax in both my work state and my home state?
Home buying for the newly employed?
Old open credit card in a sea of bad credit safe?
Just how bad are my company's 401(k)'s fees?
Lifetime learning credit information?
What is a great gift to give a college student graduating with a B.A. degree in Cultural Anthropology?
Best deal for 5 months car lease/rental?
Ways to maximize residual income besides a savings account?
Is anyone else getting a 404 error when trying to visit annualcreditreport.com?
Employee deferred stock purchase plan, good idea? (CA)
Is there an easy and/or free way to see what debts I owe and to whom?
I'm 18 years of age, I've saved up $3000, and I'd like to invest it in Google. How do I do that?
Would it affect my credit score if I pay the minimum this month? (I've paid in full every month, but due to circumstances, I might not be able to)
My money was attempted to be direct deposited into a closed account. The bank said they can forward it to another account that I never had. Can they do this?
Honda Financial Services gave me $25K pre-approval for a car. How does this work for used cars?
How often do you guys apply for new credit cards?
What's more important in choosing a financial professional: the firm, or the advisor?
Build Up Savings or Continue Building 401k?
I am an experienced jazz pianist about to play for a professor's house warming party from England for 2 hours. What should I charge?
I have the opportunity to pay off $20,000 to a WF private student loan over the next 12 months. Will that lower my monthly payment after the 12 months?
Looking to move to a new city soon (hopefully). Expecting to pay $400-600 for rent monthly and another $200 for food and miscellaneous expenses. I live with my parents now, How much should I save before I move?
Can I take advantage of the strong US dollar?
Can my wife use my flexible spending account funds?
I am travelling to the US from AU in one year. I'm worried about the direction of the AU$ and want to hedge just $6000, how should I do it?
Buying a car. To finance or not to finance?
How do you keep track of ESPP for tax reporting? Likely, you're doing it wrong.
I was sent to collections though I was current on my bill, hospital claims I'm not in collections won't answer my questions, what rights do I have Personal Finance?
Good 401k plan?
How bad is it to welch on a bank loan?
What exemptions would I need? Terrible at this.
(AU) 22yo with $40,000 in my bank. How do I make my money grow?
18 y/o. $10,000 savings. anything i can do to make it grow?
Am I crazy for thinking about buying a home when I still have student loan debt?
I currently have a Roth IRA with PNC Investments. Does anyone have any experience with them?
Refinancing my house help?
Should I share my car with my SO?
Credit Cards: Am I making this too complicated?
Your thoughts on Long Term Health Care Insurance policies?
Is there any downside to financing all your big purchases?
25yo 50k ; Should I wait for the CAN$ to go up before investing in stock? (CA)
Home equity loan with poor credit?
What is the most financially responsible way to obtain my first car?
Where should I keep 40k I was going to use for a down payment for a house in 4 years? US
Cash out 401k?
Is there a way I can invest for a consistent, really low-level return?
What really makes a difference when calling recon line for CC?
Parents aren't financially responsible - best way to invest for my little sister?
How is this even legal? (car insurance)(UK)
[Help] I have an old 401k and I just got a Distribution Statement in the mail that says I "forfeited" over $1,400. What does this mean?
You have/had at least $100,000 in your bank account by the age of 30. How did you do it?
(US) senior in college (5 year program) and just got a 8 month co-op which pays well, independent or dependent on taxes?
Hi, Index Funds are pretty useful and all the hype in the US - is this true for Europe, too? Can one buy most index funds here cheaply and reliably? (EU: for example, Germany)
Should I invest $200K in real estate or keep saving until a housing downturn occurs?
How to turn $500 into $1000?
How much can I afford to spend on housing?
Condo value stagnating, should I increase mortgage payment?
First Time Home Buyer, Getting around 2 year Part-Time for my extra income?
Currency Trading Questions?
Only child. Aging parents. Should I ask them to write a will?
Pay more per month towards car payment or pay lump sum at end of the year?
What can I do to get out of debt?
Does the age of a bank account affect my credit score?
What are the risks and benefits of cash out vs. home equity loan?
(DK) Fresh out of med. school, when to buy a house?
Your net worth is/was at least $100,000 by the age of 30. How did you do it?
Beginning the student loan journey. What am I looking at?
Just curious, on average, how much do you spend per year on car maintenance?
$15,800 left on 2012 Car - refinance or wait it out?
I have $10,000 to invest. A single Admiral fund or spread over normal shares?
Emergency Fund in Treasuries via Treasury Direct: Good idea?
What house value can I afford?
Saving up for a house, should i pay off loans before i buy?
Should I rehabilitate my defaulted student loan or settle?
Can I get money out of my 401k? How do I go about it?
How can I tell who I owe money to?
My 401k - I've read some good info here, but am I on the right track?
Student with $1000 in savings, what would you recommend as a medium risk investment?
Wondering if I can buy a condo in my situation. Am I being delusional or should I pull the trigger?
What Loan amount can I afford for my first home?
Is invest and sit still a viable wealth building method?
How can I determine how much to invest in my 401k?
Hey guys, I some money, about 1,500 (not a lot, i know,) to mess around with...how can i save/invest this wisely?
Opened a retail credit account to get a 20% discount, can I cancel the card without using it?
(US) How does a DB Pension plan affect other IRA contribution limits?
Meeting financial planner - what to prepare?
What would you do 3800 a month income when the only debt you have is 53k of student loans all below 2.5%?
Is buying a house straight out of law school as terrible of an idea as I think it is?
If I buy an HSA approved health plan that takes effect on January 1, 2015, can I open up an HSA account and contribute 2014 dollars to it?
I'm being offered a 50% 401k match up to the max contribution, but it vests over 5 years - good idea to max out?
Can I feasibly retire with $1,000,000 at 19?
How do you "Pay Yourself"?
(CA)15yo What can I do with the money i made during a summer job to make it grow?
Finally got my credit card situation headed the right way. Should I get a loan to pay them off?
filing jointly - wife has a 401k. can she contribute to my 457b?
As a Local Government employee am I doing enough to prepare for retirement?
I don't use my savings account. Should I?
Can folks help me understand why my 401k math isn't adding up?
As a junior in college looking ahead and feeling uncertain about my future, what should I start doing now to be financially secure later?
Design your own future with ONE.The next Bit coin ?
Just bought my first house and the numbers don't quit add up to me, can someone help me understand better?
What's the best credit card?
Should I forgo all saving and other cost-saving measures (buying a house vs renting) until my student loans are paid off?
What would you do differently if you were 17 again, had no financial responsibilities, and $10,000 to spare?
How to protect Daughter's inheritance from her Husband?
Should I buy a place with a loan or buy it outright and "lose" most of my savings ??
Is diversification truly necessary with small(er) balances?
Long time investors, how have you handled market downturns?
Should father buy a new home using a VA loan?
(UK) Forced to pay for customers?
What's a good system for managing bills?
In my 40's, never invested except for savings/checking accounts, should I now?
we have Money. now what to do with it?
Has anyone here used Lending Club?
Convert portfolio from individual blue chips to three funds?
What end of year money maneuvers are you doing this December to maximize your finances?
I use a state specific credit union, and I'm moving out of state for college next fall. Should I switch credit unions? Should I do so now? Suggestions for first credit cards?
How much should I spend on rent with $110k salary combination?
My ID and SS card were stolen. How do I protect my identity and credit?
Should I do my tax online like usual or go to a professional since I have this new circumstance?
Where are all these $100k+ people coming from?
Envelope Method of budgeting with a rewards credit card?
Three collections agencies contacting me for the same 'debt'?
What does PF think of my 2015 budget?
Strategic IBR?
Ramifications of storing funds in cash form?
Should I buy the townhome I currently rent with an FHA loan?
What is the best advice you can give a 20 year old college student?
What's that best credit card in Canada ?
Can a 17 year old get a credit card?
What's the best Canadian Credit Card? (CA)
I make about 60k and I'm 24. How should I be saving for my future?
I plan to place $5,500 into a Roth IRA at the beginning of the year for 2015. However, I'm worried I may not make that much. Or hypothetically, what happens if I earn (gross) less than my total Roth IRA contribution?
turbotax, accountant, cpa? which one to use?
How should I allocate between my 401k/IRA?
As a college student with a low income, how can I start investing?
Mother has paid her mortage for 15 years but only $2500 has been paid toward principle . Is this right?
7702 Life Insurance as retirement account: can anyone tell me something bad about it that isn't about how it's marketed in a shady way?
Inheriting French Assets, in cash and recurring revenue, have a choice between the two. What do I do?
22 year old male looking to get my credit score up. help?
Any tips?
Credit cards for college student with no credit history?
Raising my credit score, while in debt?
What is the best credit card for an international student in USA?
My new job is very high travel and I will fly a lot/stay in hotels often, for which I pay, then am reimbursed. How can I use this to my advantage?
Using Credit Card to Pay off Student Loans?
If I have the money to fully pay tuition, is there any advantage to paying it all up front vs. doing it with a monthly payment plan?
Buying a multi-unit building with an FHA loan?
Why are timeshares a waste of money?
What type of credit report should I get when applying to rent an apartment?
Is this a good financial aid package?
I have ~$13,000 in credit card debt and a credit score of over 750. Would it be worthwhile to get a new card and transfer a portion my balance for 0% interest?
How to determine family size for student loan repayments?
What to do with 50k savings while saving up to buy a house?
If you had NO POSSESSIONS and $2000 after moving into a new apartmnt. What would be the first thing you'd buy?
What should I do with $50,000 in savings while saving up for a down payment on a house? Want to buy house in 1-2 years.
Apps like Mint and YNAB aside, what tricks do you personally use to not overspend and stay on budget?
How long to wait after hard credit pull before applying for a new loan?
How to (re)start your life with practically nothing? (Not bankruptcy or debt)
I'm new to building credit and considering an emergency credit card, what are my best options?
Is there a future register view like Quicken in Mint, Personal Cap or something else??
Good index funds?
Paid by commision do I need to make at least minimum wage?
Will having a car loan affect getting a mortgage?
My financial goals seem so far away. Anyone have some good success stories?
I have a debit card, a credit card, and cash. What should I be using to spend money where?
$-47,900.35 Debt/$50,304 income- how do i get out of the hole i dug?
Is making extra payments on the mortgage the best idea?
Want to create LLC and SEP IRA...Need lawyer/accountant?
Should I pay off all credit cards/car loan if I have enough in my savings?
Taxes for Beginners? (NZ)
UPDATE: College grad starting my first job. Here's my finance sheet. What can I improve?
How do you make sure you're saving and not spending?
How am I meant to build a line of credit if banks aren’t accepting my credit card applications? (UK)
What lengths would you consider acceptable to help a friend out?
The job I was banking on fell through. Now what?
Best time to close a credit card?
Is It Smart to open a franchise?
How do I convince my little brother not to take out massive student loans for a musical theater degree?
What would be the best credit card/s to have for a college student.? Would any add on's be of good benefit?
Does Canadian Property and Bank Accounts count towards the Asset Limit for Medicaid Long Term Care?
Finishing grad school, working part-time, and paying off 100K in student loans. Should I be saving?
Going into debt for grad school. Best way to utilize about $20,000?
What's before a CFP in personal finance advisory hierarchy?
Pay interest free debt out of savings account?
[UK] General finance question: Am I idiot for shifting university government loan into bank overdraft?
How can I be proactive about my debt while finishing my degree?
Credit utilization under 30% matters per card, or overall?
Should I use 450k of cash for a house downpayment?
Why is Nerd Wallet hiding American Express cards and saying earning rewards on debt is a good idea?
Going to a "retirement planning seminar". What am i getting myself into?
Refinancing a variable APR mortgage 10 years in?
What sacrifices have you made for the sake of your financial position?
What to do with this FHA loan/house?
Single, £60k savings, no home, £35-40k income what to do?
Possible for companies to report debt without SSN?
Can you recommend some budgeting software that would meet my needs?(DE)
My credit score dropped 300pts because of $1.78 owed to Wellsfargo I didn't know about. Is there anything I can do?
Is this the right order to pay off my debts?
college student applying for credit card- what to put as income?
Apartment costs $1350. I'm moving in on the 9th yet the prorated rate is only $135 off ($1215) I thought it would be a lot less?
Does anyone have experience with death of a parent and student loan debt?
New Immigrant: shall I open secured credit card now or wait till I get a job?
what is /pf's opinion on the "7 bank accounts your family should have" idea?
[Canada] Can debt prevent me from being issued a passport?
Torn between Citi Double Cash and Chase Freedom...first credit card, help?
How much credit do I need to rent a car?
Trying to pay down $25K debt...better to pay rent and live close to work or live 1 hour away with mom?
Does a higher-than-median starting salary in my field affect my expected mid-career salary?
As an 18 year old with plans, where do I go from here?
What's my best option for selling my financed car in Canada?
I will be graduating next semester. I have a decent job, I can continue to live at home, but I have a new car payment. What do I need to do to stay financially stable?
If I periodically purchase more of a mutual fund that I already own, is there a better way to calculate my return percentage?
Investing ridiculously cheap student loans?
Best path towards saving for a first-time homebuyer?
I own a rental and a personal home, what information do I need and what actions should I take for tax season?
Newfound "spendable" income: Save it, or put it towards paying down more debts?
My husband has been unemployed for 2 years. He did not collect unemployment this year. I am employed part-time with 2 jobs. Do I file head-of-household? We have 2 children.
I messed up while switching bank accounts. Now I have fees galore. Is there anything I can do?
Bank card or other?
How accurate is Credit Karma? I just jumped 30 points in the last month
Taxes from a 17-year-old's summer job?
[Discussion] What do you do with overtime pay?
Are Credit Consolidation services trustworthy/effective?
Higher risk mutual funds to invest in?
Low savings or paid-off credit card?
Inheritance in high fee funds, move it?
Can you recommend books/resources about basic personal finance?
About to open my first IRA- how does the tax advantage work?
How do I win this credit card charge dispute?
What is wrong with gas credit cards?
I Need an Extra $800-$1k/mo Over The Next 4-6 Months, Any Ideas?
(CA) Does the ratio/amount of consumer debt to disposable income change depending on how much a household earns?
Paid off debt, still showing up as unpaid on credit report, time sensitive, please advice?
I'm financially stable with a substantial savings that I'd like to start putting to work. Where to start?
What is the best way to transfer an auto loan in anticipation of selling the car?
28 years old, been organizing finances thanks to this subreddit, now I'm ready to put together a will and set of documents (bank accounts, loan info, computer passwords, etc) for my family. What's the best resource?
Currently in college with job, any advice or "wish I did this" anecdotes?
did I make a mistake with this car loan? Is this just buyers remorse?
Anticipating a large charge on Credit Card with Capital One. Credit limit is 50K and charge will be 45K. Balance is currently at 16K. Will they let me transfer 45K early, to bring balance to -29K?
Unethical to include paid holiday as a part of two weeks notice?
Credit card debt consolidation, is it worth it?
How much should my friend charge for a private bartending gig?
Can my employer fire me for seeking a new job?
Unhappy with my salary and I'd like to start earning income on the side of my 9-5 job, any suggestions?
Got my first job! Does this plan sound sensible? (UK)
(US, CA) Late to the game with a blank slate, what should I be doing?
What is a reasonable risk / Am I being stupid?
Live on student loan, flip paycheck using ESPP?
How do I help my Grandmother with financing? (EU/Fin)
Switching jobs, what should I do?
Vanguard - Technical Issues - Normal or Special?
How do you decide how how quickly to pay off student loans vs invest and live fairly luxuriously(saving up for house or kids)?
Tenants skipped town and owe my parents money, what are their options?
Should I stop paying my credit cards as my boss advised me?
Make money from your dorm room?
Where can I find a budget guide to figure out what percentage of my net income I should be spending on housing, food, savings, etc.?
Is there any kind of trick/lifehack to finding out a minimum credit score required for a specific credit card?
[Mortgage] My lender just told me I must maintain a 1500$ minimum in my escrow account. Is this legit?
Stepfather cosigned on a vehicle for me, parents may divorce in the coming months. What happens to my vehicle if they divorce?
Thinking of buying a condo, am I biting of more than I can chew?
can I do something right now to get more taxes back?
I found a 3 year old collection I have not been getting notices for in my credit report. Should I reach out to pay it?
What % of my monthly take-home should I put towards rent?
Housing: Can't afford to live in location but cancellation and lease breaks will completely cripple my wife and I... what are our options?
Mother has dementia. What are my best options for taking care of her?
What would be my best option for a 529 plan for my child? - My personal finances are a MESS.
I just won 25 grand. What do I do now?
Pay off my car or keep building my emergency fund?
To Buy Or Not To Buy?
How to split up payment for mutual broken table between four people?
I need to open more credit accounts, but I've already got too many (11) credit inquiries on my credit score? Do I open more accounts, or wait out the inquiries?
Is it a good idea to leave a cash amount in paypal, just as another place to store money?
Large amount of restitution- how do I go about paying this off?
Starting a new job. Am I spending too much on a new(er) car?
Book on finance that goes into great depth on the quantitive side of investing and ratios?
Whoa: what the fuck do I do? Is someone stealing my identity?
Hospital is billing me $234 for “Emergency Services” even though I never received any services and never spoke to a nurse. I just sat in the waiting room for 30 minutes with a kidney stone until giving up and going to another hospital (which treated me right away). Can I fight this bill?
(CA) First job, what should be my next steps? (searched through similar posts already)
How to deal with student debt?
When Is A Good Age To Start Investing In Stocks?
What's the best credit card for an urban dweller (no car) who mainly spends on restaurants?
Free online accounting course?
Which company should I open an HSA with?
Benefits of Shell Fuel Rewards Network card over just linking a credit card to the FRN account?
/r/personalfinance -- How do you handle short-term savings?
Main expenses wedding on credit card?
(UK) What's the most sensible way to look after my money?
Roth 403(b) and Roth 457?
Am I saving enough or not enough?
Wife and I are thinking about starting a family, what's a good way to "practice" the financial difference?
Is there a way to determine how a store will be classified when it comes to cash back points?
Too early to start investing?
Small loan options for people with temporary poor credit for going back to school?
Questions about dividend returns\reinvestment?
Was just wondering if this would be considered fraud?
Why is Nerd Wallet hiding American Express cards and saying earning rewards on debt is a good idea?
Lease Breaking Clause in Lease... what does it mean?
overlapping mortgages?
How much to contribute to HSA?
Savings bonds for a nephew?
[HOUSING] Buy existing or build new?
What can I and my brother do to prepare financially for my parents getting older?
When to pay back student loans and when to invest?
3 month performance review skipped? How to ask for a raise now?
What is a better way to store my emergency fund?
PF: I am a 23 yo who is interested in helping his 67 yo apply for social security - who should I talk to, and what is the best way to go about this?
I am getting a significant raise with my new job, what should I do with the extra income? (US)
My GF and I live together, and we are considering going to just one car. Thoughts?
Just got my first full time job w/benefits (still in school), how much should I contribute to my IRA?
For tax reasons only, is there any reason I should sell my stock in 2014 as opposed to 2015?
What Undergraduate Degree is Most Valuable?
What type of investment accounts can be set up for a third party?
Applying for a job that is asking if I am able to obtain a corporate credit for expenses. How do I know if I am eligible??
Consolidation Loan for Credit Cards?
Can you submit information to a credit bureau?
Is there such a thing as a 10 year fixed VA mortgage?
Slick Deals - US Airways Premier World MasterCard. Can somebody tell me why I shouldn't bite?
Is there an easy way to find out what funds could trigger a wash sale?
Buying my first house - better to close before or after the new year?
Unemployed and on my last financial leg. Should I cash out my 401(k)?
How much do you guys personally put in your checkings account since it doesn't earn much interest? Is it 2 month's worth of your living expenses?
I'm a student and I think I overcontributed for my Roth IRA. How much do I need to withdraw to not have any problems/penalties?
What are your thoughts on Tony Robbins' new book: Money: Master The Game?
Best free checking account with branches?
I listened to Reddit and am starting a fee-only financial planning practice. What did I miss?
The better of several bad options? Surviving a shift in career...
Looking for the BEST budgeting software?
Trying to sort out issues before 2014 EOY, especially Merrill IRA funds 1.5% fees &amp; idle checking - advice?
Should I get my taxes done professionally this year?
Anything I can do about overdrafts from a phantom recurring payment?
i have a car that will be totalled by the insurance company, how do i keep the car and get the money?
Should I get another credit card?
Maxed out, living month to month, where to start?
I need Advise: Type of retirement account?
How can I get a current account with bad credit? (UK)
I'm debating getting my degree, have fulltime 100k+ job, no debt... help me decide?
Best US bank/brokerage for holding high 5- low 6 figure assets?
Need financial guidance! Going back to school, how do I manage everything back home?? 23yo M (CA)
Is PayPal a good, secure enough choice for a savings account?
Similar to the other hospital bill story, but I was sent to collections but they decided to take care of the bill after sending me to collections. What does this mean for my credit score?
Okay personalfinance, what is step 2?
Trying to sort out issues before 2014 EOY, especially Merrill IRA 1.5% fees &amp; idle checking - advice?
How to get a car as a college student?
Are these the right investments for me?
Best place for savings/emergency fund?
Should I close my old credit card?
Why won't my 401K be enough? Why is it suggested that I also get an IRA (ROTH or otherwise)?
How much negotiation room is there usually with the price of a home?
Three Fund Portfolio v.s. Balanced Funds?
Hey all, Vanguard told me I can't invest in their funds because I have neither US citizenship nor a green card. What's the best alternative for foreign investors?
LSD in Leipzig?
Betterment vs. vanguard target retirement fund?
How much will it really affect my credit?
Wanting to start a blog; how do I handle/report the income for tax-savings?
How should my boyfriend and I work out the costs of splitting mortgage payments?
Should I take out subsidized student loans to pay back my unsubsidized/ higher interest rate?
Hospital billed me $800 for a half's day stay in the ER where all they did was stick an IV in me. Is this fightable?
Credit rating randomly shoots up 44 points according to Discover card report. Is this possible?
I'm an authorized user on my brother's card. Is his debt mine?
Which is better, mortgage lender or bank for first home loan?
Should I buy Jewelry insurance?
Why did I get a 3K payment on my credit card that I never made?
[Misc] 6 Months away from college graduation, any crucial advice?
Buying a home under new FHFA 3% plan?
Do medical misdiagnoses affect your eligibility to get a life insurance policy? Can you clean up your medical record?
Mint.com keeps doubling my accounts, and thus doubling transactions. Any suggestions?
How should I pay these credit cards off?
High schooler here; Could you please answer some of my questions/concerns?
Got denied for a Santander Credit Card due to no credit history. What can I do now?
1500/mo (CA) but can't seem to get a leg up. Help?
Debts accumulated before age 18?
Is my debt repayment strategy too risky? (CA)
Anyone ever assume a mortgage?
Scam attempt? Care to weigh in?
I need some help. Should I file for bankruptcy?
Im considering majoring in Nursing. Loans will be 30K. Will I be financially stable with this degree?
Just found of that my last realty company sent me to collections. Charged me $750 for paint and now I am working to get it reversed. How can I make sure this wont affect my credit score?
I am looking to save up to buy a house ASAP. What can I do to save while I'm a FT university student and PT employee? (CA)
[US]What to do with $35,000 injury settlement, investment?
Good finance books to read?
PF's who have ditched their car, do you ever regret it?
I received a $2,000 medical bill for an examination done in 2012 just yesterday. I am confused because I thought my insurance paid all of it when I had the examination done. What can I do?
Husband and I could really use a second car. How much should we look to save/spend for one?
Where's a good place to put my emergency fund that will get me good interest?
What do you do with your extra cash?
Sharing internet?
New car loan, how do I cancel old one?
Home equity to pay off student loans?
Signing up for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card this holiday season: Good idea? Bad Idea?
I paid off my debt. What's next?
I'm 21 yrs old and own an investment property, when should I buy a second one?
Mom wants to me to "hold" money for her while dealing with IRS. Bad idea?
Should I quit my internship?
I just got a private policy notice from a Bank I have NEVER had any dealing with. Why are they even sending it to me?
Do people who commit credit card fraud usually get arrested?
Investment Account?
Can it really be true I can't afford a one-bedroom in New Jersey, even with making $50K/year?
Do people who commit credit card fraud usually get arrested?
Can I get bankrupt on SSI?
I hate my job but don't have the savings to just quit and find a new one. PF, what do I do?
Worth investing in RRSP's when I will receive a decent pension? (CA)
Is it worth to finish an M.Sc in the face of no income and decently sized debt?
Can anyone help me?
Opened Roth IRA early this year, contributed for 2013... am I OK?
I'm stupid and now have 85k in loans. Strategy Advice?
(AU) How can I get my girlfriend's mother to pay child support again after dodging it for almost a year?
Why do banks and credit unions that offer Rewards Checking (i.e., those with high interest rates like 2.5% and higher) require you to use 12 or more debit card transactions?
How can I help my mother stop making bad financial decisions on the advice of her other non-financial savy friends?
I've been told that in some states, after living with someone for x amount of years, you will enter a "pseudo-marriage" in the eyes of the law and your belongings become part of who you're living with. Is this true?
Should I apply for a store credit card?
What do you do to bolster your income on the side of your actual job?
Uniform gift to minors/custodial account; what are my options now that I am of age?
Maybe I just don't understand, but exactly how does a money market work?
Does anyone know of a good spreadsheet to allocate assets?
Loophole in bank transfer fees?
What is the the best way to consolidate debts?
Question on what path I should take for both short and long term? (X-post from r/travel)
Help me approximate the "total market" in my Fidelity 401k? 3-fund portfolio?
Are we greedy or just responsible?
Typically, how hard/expensive is it to get a second degree?
Starting dental school in August; stop contributions to HSA and 401k or continue until start of school?
Will a credit line increase hurt or help my credit score?
Negotiating salary for cross-country job relocation?
What can I do to make my money grow?
Discover it customers, how long did it take for you to have a FICO credit score?
Handed in my notice a week ago, dislocated shoulder today and can't work. Where do I stand on sick pay?
Simple or Ally Bank? What do you use?
Does discover card allow you to track credit score over time?
Can someone explain how a credit report while applying for an apartment works?
Question about IRA limits for married couples. Can my wife use my contribution limit?
Can I finance a vehicle? Replies appreciated.
Married, 30s, want to buy home instead of rent... but have hx of BK7, where to start?
Trimming the Fat: High Limit Card?
Student Loan Interest Question [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/UnvEgid.png?1)
What is the easiest way to figure out how much I owe the IRS?
What to do with extra $300/month?
Had a mortgage until divorced - what does that mean for taxes?
Just graduated. I start a job in 3 weeks that pays 60k/ year. What can I afford/ how should I budget?
What is the most reputable and legit credit repair agency?
Am I making the right $ decision?
60 year old mother with 15k in CD. Is there a better option?
Should I open a new credit card for study abroad?
Why is Courtney Love on the Mint.com Homepage?
Advice: How to stop familial identity theft?
First time building savings but not sure what to do with it now?
GF uses college loans for living expenses, how do I convince her that this is a mistake?
What are the disadvantages if I wanted to drop everything I'm currently doing and attempt to become a commercial pilot?
[Credit] Do small monthly payments really help build credit?
Uncle died, what is the process for dealing with his Kia?
Daughter a victim of a scam?
Recommended youtube channels / podcasts for a beginner?
Move belongings across country or leave everything and start over?
Was robbed last night; anything else I should be doing?
where should I keep my measly savings?
Is there any value in having 2+ checking accounts?
Can someone help me with a financial/savings plan?
I think I may have contributed to my Roth IRA when I wasn't supposed to. What do I do?
Decided it's time to start saving for a home. Does this first-time buyers program sound like a good idea? 50% loan forgiveness after 5 years.
Can I refinance my student loans?
When my wife and I bought a couch a month ago she accidentally put one hundred less dollars in the written part. The company called a month later and now wants the one hundred dollars. Should we pay?
Starting retirement savings, advice on either to go with Prudential or something else?
Would a 12k Auto Loan boost my credit?
Moving out at 18... Credit cards?
If you've discovered an employer didn't send you your money because he/she forged your name on your check and deposited on their account, where would you go? Small Claims? The Cops?
Ways to earn money as a student with programming experience ??(CA)
Best Way to Finance a Laptop?
Has anyone ditched the brick and mortar bank entirely for an online one?
Would you buy shares in a public company in the marijuana industry?
What happens if someone refused to pay their student or parent plus loans?
flair:Housing How to begin to save for a house?
Mortgage payoff goals?
How does the real estate depreciation tax rebate work?
Wife's employer just sent her a revised contract - resulting in less compensation to her. Is this legal?
If you had to invest $85k for your mother what would you do?
I'm getting there! Good progress for the last 12 months no? -65k &gt; -33k net worth
Is $400 a week as an IT recruiter acceptable?
Can I fire my real estate agent? Have I passed the "threshold"?
Buy a car, home, or both at the same time: how will it affect the credit report?
Just how screwed am I? (450k in dental school debt!)
What's the worst that could happen from a bankruptcy?
Is there a way to protect myself if I lend my parents money?
When do Tax Season 2015 (Tax Year 2014) forms become available?
Moving $40K into a taxable investment account....Doable?
I have 26k in Unsub Stafford Loans (down from 38k). I'm able to make regular payments over the minimum payment. However, my 6.8% interest is not ideal. What is the best course of action?
Slightly OT: How can I pressure my school to provide better financial aid counseling?
Searched the FAQ but couldn't find an answer; What amount of utilization should I be aiming for on my first credit card? (19 / USA)
Is this a good choice for my first investment? Please critique.
Grad School round 2, or am I just being stupid?
Can't remember if this is the correct phrase, but are you going short on the house you live in?
Can I use 2015 income for my 2014 IRA?
Contribute to 401k or pay off debt?
Paid $15k less than average for my position in my company - should I ask for a raise ASAP?
Why don't you guys like Vanguard Target Funds?
First time stock seller, strategy to do so most efficiently?
Transferring current Credit Card debt to Student Line of Credit OR 0% Balance Transfer CC?
Deciding between paying off student loans early and buying an income property - what do I need to consider?
Is it smart to support projects like this one? (UK)
Should I keep my Mutual Fund or move the funds somewhere else?
Home equity borrowing, or borrow from family? Different impacts on college financial aid for my kids?
Sell car now, or in another two years?
Anyone heard of Robinhood? Commission free trading app/website..
What's the best (most USEFUL) way to track personal net worth?
17 Y/O with 18k in the bank and a job making a couple thousand a month. What should my investment plan be?
My 75 year old grand father lives with us, as he can no longer afford his house. What are his options to get rid of it?
Wanting to buy a house in 6 months. Does this make financial sense for us?
What percentage of your total portfolio is non-retirement?
Overcoming savings 'guilt'?
Is a 403B the same as an IRA/Roth IRA?
Target Date Fund now or wait for 3-Fund Portfolio in 2015?
20 years old, married and 40k/year job. I am terrible with money. Advice?
(US, AR) I have a 8-5 job that I earns me 48k and then I have side consulting (6k early) How can I file so I can keep the most? File em separately? Also, my wife makes 13k working part-time.
How do you Budget?
Best to completely pay CC bill every month?
Just got 40K Bonus before taxes. Need assistance on what to do? Finally debt free.
As a Ph.D. student with a couple of years left, how can I best invest a small inheritance?
Should I buy an investment home when I don't even have a place for myself yet?
What software in your experience has been the best to keep track of personal finances?
How should I do shared budgeting in YNAB?
Credit score has plateaued. What am I doing wrong?
Bonus check?
Anyone want my robinhood invite code?
How important is money when choosing a first job?
Should one make tax amends to prior tax filings if the amount due is not effected?
Can I bring a bunch of Reals (Brazilian Currency) in cash to a bank and get it exchanged to dollars? (BR)
About to go into ~$150,000 debt for grad school, do I have the best set up going in?
Transfer balances?
What kind of people make up personal finance? Let's see
Can I claim my parent's income as my own for a home loan? (For their home, details in thread.)
Has anyone had experience with Petsmart's Banfield Hospital pet care plan? Is it really worth the $400 per year?
Any good cash only budget apps besides Ynab?
Should SO and I purchase an investment property before legally getting married to take advantage of loan benefits?
What is the one thing you want to achieve in your life?
Poor Debt Payoff Plan?
Does anyone know when Bank Of America reports credit card balance to agencies?
Resident Alien working in US: Keep contributing to Mutual Fund ETF or open Roth IRA?
How much can I expect be be hit in penalties by taking $5k out of my Roth IRA? It is about $54K (~$26K invested/~$28 from returns)
[Serious] I have a few k's saved up from intern work, what should I invest them in?
If have a 401k and IRA from my employer, can I open a SEP IRA for my personal side gig? is it allowed?
Wife has a Universal Life Insurance with 50k in case of death. Keep it or dump?
Just found out about a strange 11 year old student loan, what to do?
Considering refinancing my student loans. But what to do about federal loans?
Rollover to Traditional IRA -&gt; adjust allowances?
Need $1000 now. What're my options?
Should I move my student loan debt to a 0% credit card?
Anything to know/look for when signing ex-pat papers?
I apparently won a sweepstakes. How do I protect myself tax wise? Does anyone have experience with sweepstakes winnings?
What is the best credit card out there when it comes to transferring a balance?
When should I move 20k Euro to my US bank account?
Its 4'500 to fix my teeth? What do I do?
University in the UK, or college in the U.S?
Starting first job in January, want to make a plan...any advice?
Is there a better sub to ask mortgage related questions?
Unique retirement situation, how much should I be saving?
Purchased airplane ticket online. Now the company wants more money. Can I safely contest the entire charge with my bank and get refund?
Leaving job: rollover 401k?
Screwed out of work. Can't make bills. Help?
Should we drop both (or just 1) of our Whole Life policies?
Am I unable to invest in a Roth?
Should I pay off final debt or begin saving for a house?
Deadbeat tenants owe $11k+ (~6mo) in rent. Should I kick them out or keep accepting their payments?
Is there any downsides and/or unknown scams to that $100 cash rewards card from Bank of America?
How much car insurance do I need? 25/M, VT, 2007 Honda Civic.
OMG!!! Help...!!?!
I'm single in my 20s. Why would I want to own any fixed income investments in my retirement account at this age?
Overtime with holiday pay?
University student, no longer afford living on campus. What do I do?
What should people do when the economy is falling apart (Russia, year 2014)?
Recouped legal expenses after winning lawsuit - taxable income?
Gifting a car, what are tax implications or procedure I need to follow?
I'm 19 and have just been kicked out of my house, what do pf?
Do transfers between savings accounts count towards your monthly limit?
What happens when a card with no balance is issued a refund?
The APY on Ally's Raise Your Rate 2-Year CD has increased to 1.25% from 1.20%. Since I'm only 2.5 months in and rates are likely to rise, should I hold as is or "spend" my option to raise the rate?
I currently make ~$30,000 a year and interviewed for a job that will pay ~$50k-55k, they are asking for my compensation details, can i inflate them?
Which funds to invest in new company's 401k?
Is it smart to not use my company pension for retirement planning?
20 y/o sophomore in college, $4000 saved. Start payback on loans or open IRA?
Am I crazy? Taking out a student loan to increase your credit score seems really stupid to me.
$30,000 in bank. $12,000 in trade. How long should I finance?
Disputed "Paid,Closed" Collection now back in Collection?
My roommate's grandpa decided out of the blue he won't cosign his student loans anymore, and he can't find anybody else to do it. What can he do to not get kicked out of college?
Should I take equity out of my house to buy a rental property?
You have $5500 to invest in any way, what do you do with it?
What's the best cellphone plan for a family of 4?
How to plug a short term (~9month) money hole?
Should we refinance my wife's car? Terrible interest rate. 22 payments to go...
Wal-Mart left credit in account?
Rollover old 401K account into new employer account or set as IRA?
Should I take out a loan?
What happens if you default in a rent to own agreement?
How long do trade-in auto loans take?
How is everyone doing on their holiday budget?
[US] Small debit went to collections, can anyone advise me?
The Home Depot hack just got around to affecting me. 20 point hit in my credit score. Recourse?
When setting up automatic bill payments, which is better and why? Setting up eBills through your bank, or punching in your bank info into each biller's system?
Received offer Amex Green card, signed up and was approved. Did I make a mistake?
tool for analysis of multiple investment/retirement accounts?
Is there any benefits or reasons to pay off balance in full if I have 0% apr for a year?
Do I need a credit card?
Should I just pony up and pay off my student loans?
Switch Savings Accounts?
Job search advice for a college senior?
WWYD: Sell or keep second car?
With student loans, is the principal to interest ratio of each payment the same throughout repayment? (CA)
If I have a financial "safety net" while finishing my degree, is there a better place to put a portion of my savings other than the bank with whom I have a checking account?
Canadian here. USD in my trading account that I need to withdrawal and remain in USD. My bank doesn't allow me to keep USD in my account and will "double-ding" me on the forex spread. What to do?
Turning down jobs because they pay less than unemployment: fiscally wise or morally wrong?
What are the biggest risks of buying a house or a condo?
Unable to request report from AnnualCreditReport.com problem? Any experience or advice?
Great company but paychecks late for the third time. What should I do?
Should I sell and rebuy my stocks (to benefit tax-wise) this year because I have made almost zero income?
Looking to invest in stock market. Buying oil low now a good idea?
How advantageous is it to have a long history at one bank?
Has anyone used CurrencyFair or similar? Is it a good idea, or should I just do a normal bank transfer.
I plan on buying a car late next year. How should I prepare?
25 y.o., little to no credit, got rejected from 2 cards (one of which was capital one) How to respond to a prescreened offer from Capital One?
[Student Loans] where can I find the interest rate for each loan that I have received?
[Student Loans] where can I find the interest rate for each loan that I have received?
How can I recover from an embarrassingly low starting salary without leaving my job?
31 Years old, just landed a job paying 46k. No retirement, no savings, low credit score. How can I turn things around for myself?
I'm about to be a self-employed contractor. What do I do?
Best credit card offer right now?
Skip first semester of school, or take a student loan?
Student loan question: my sis's Sallie Mae loan became a Navient loan, and her monthly payments nearly doubled. How is this possible?
Quicksilver as a first credit card?
Student loans or savings?
My parents don't have healthcare through employer. They make 44k together annually. They will be laid off at the end of the year. how can i get healthcare for them? how would i show their income when their income will be zero? (US, AR)
Getting out of a car lease?
(UK) Just lost family home, what to do?
So for the first time in my life, I have more money than I know what to do with. What do I do with it?
According to one of the higher ups in my company, "Actively managed mutual funds can beat the market, but only before fees. After fees they are no better than an index fund." Is there evidence to back this up?
What's the point of variable appreciable life insurance?
Confused on what credit card to get?!
Info about how to do a large cash transaction? (USA)
Graduation money?
I am being taxed on tips I do not bring home. What can I do?
How to politely but firmly tell my boss to pay me on time?
Should I subscribe to financialengines.com?
I've finally been approved for a low interest loan. What should I look for in a car? [UK]
I work full-time but will be leaving to attend grad school full-time (master's). How do I do FAFSA?
Close credit cards or leave open?
HSA for LASIK. If I change jobs what happens?
Paid off $200k of student loans - what next?
Currently with Wells fargo, but hoping to switch in the near future. Any suggestions for a new bank or credit union?
Dave Ramsey's biggest flaw?
How many with holdings should I claim on my w2?
Out of the kindness of my heart, I let my ex-wife use a credit card she was an authorized user on. Now she racked up $10k in debt, lost her job, and can't pay it. How fucked am I?
Borrow from 401k to invest in IRA for the tax break?
I think I want to be a teacher. How can I not commit financial suicide?
My husband added his mother to our joint bank accounts without my consent. What is the worst case scenario here, from a financial standpoint?
Budget, debt repayment plan, credit repair, happy ending?
401K Loan Thoughts?
What is a good entry-level job for a high school student?
I travel the country and get paid in cash, which bank for me?
Account went to collections due to billing code error, insurance finally paid. What do to about credit report?
What options does my dad have?
Can I afford to buy a house/condo?
Debt consolidation loan?
Wife and I are looking to purchase our first home. What can you tell me about HUD offers?
[Retirement Accounts] Does it make sense for me to rollover my 401k to a Roth IRA?
Should I apply for that Citi credit card that's 1% and 1% for repayment?
Should I add my sister as an authorized user to my credit card account even though my mother is against it?
IRS debt collector from gym?
Rent or buy?
Debt collector from gym?
I'm a 23 year old semi-recent college grad, what should my financial priorities be?
Girlfriend and I are considering taking the plunge and getting an apartment together. Are we financially ready?
Can I file a FAFSA at 22 years old without my mom's information?
Can direct deposit come in on a Sunday?
I'm 21, debt-free, and have an AA degree. I'd go to uni but I also don't want a black cloud of debt hanging over my head. What should my next move be?
[US/California] Advice on savings? Min Wage.
How much should I save if I plan on moving out of the province with a job lined up? (CAN)
Investment newbie... what should I be doing/have done?
New jobs and big raises, student loan debt or house next?
Lost my job 3 weeks before a move. Just tough it out?
Is there any way to get out from underneath an auto loan without repossession?
Homeowners here at PF, how long did it take you to save up for the down payment?
Hi, I'm in high school and am looking to get a car, but I want something reliable and I want to make a good investment. Is a car with 200,000 miles safe and/or, what should I look for?
How long do I need to save reciepts for HSA distributions?
What are some automatic ways I can start saving money? I make enough to sock away 250 per month, but I never, never do it. I need ways to make it happen without my thinking about it.
What are the best books to read on finance, earning money, living life, selling things, that sort of thing? Or other must reads?
Couldn't find this in the FAQs - Is there usually a fee for transferring your Roth IRA from one institution to another?
Questions about Sallie Mae Credit Card?
Close new account to increase credit rating?
Renting apartment with terrible credit score [560]...?
Catastrophic Health Insurance vs. Regular, worth it?
Anyone here used Vanguard's financial planning services? How was it?
Beginning to save for the future?
I just got a letter from my former employer stating that I was overpaid and that I owe them money. I don't have the money right now. What do I do? (Canada)
Happy married men and women of this subreddit, what are the things I need to do before marriage (like in career, money, savings etc), so that my life becomes good after marriage?
Hopefully in the right sub. Can I get a little advice on credit cards?
Groomed, and given everything, yet found completely lost?
Want to save hard core for a set time period? Here is the system we used for nearly two years to save 85% of our income. (MX)
Inherited a ROTH IRA from a non-relative, what are my options for keeping it in a tax-advantaged account to continue growth?
Is there such a thing as too many bank accounts?
How do I minimize my spending?
How much should I have saved up by the time I move out?
Maxed out college financial aid doesn't cover my bills and I'm desperate... Can I borrow money without it being classified as a "student loan"? (US)
Any personal stories from people who have fully paid off their mortgage? How has it affected your life?
Does anyone here have experience with Franchising?
I'm a 31 year old single male. Should I get life insurance?
15 years old, first job ever. Minimum wage. What can I do to save and prepare for the future, whatever that may be?
Downsizing car to a motorcycle to save on payments?
Should my priority be saving or paying off credit card debt?
Can I slay the Debt Beast with a car lease?
Self-Contradictory Letter From Debt Collector, what should I do?
How much of your paycheck do you save?
Do I qualify to deduct my contribution to a newly funded traditional IRA?
My country(GR) is going bankcrupt. Any help on how to proceed financially?
Expensive Private University vs. State University?
Made some money, looking to retire early... got advice?
How do I ask for a bigger raise? (Or should I?)
How can I get my SO to grow up and be financially responsible?
Latest date to start an IRA and get 2014 benefits?
Start a business or go to school?
Recent Graduate Unemployed, but Indiana Unemployment won't take into account any of my last 6 months of wages. What can I do?
Need to use credit card for high-dollar purchase. Can I pay it down right now so I could use it?
Close store credit acct. Not being used?
Just formed an LLC for my NYC sole prop in 2015. Do I really need to satisfy my "publishing" needs? What's the cheapest way?
For those who track their net worth what information do you track?
Best Buy credit card: cancel or just let it sit there?
My employer does loan repayment for school, should I do anything with the money to gain interest while my school loans are in deferment?
Credit score limits (?)
New doc, lots of debt. What is the best way to reduce debt while not sacrificing a retirement fund?
Instant student loan repayment...penalty or good idea?
I left school after completing my freshman year. I want to return now but owe them $2k. How should I go about paying?
Lump sum vs. monthly payments on pension - how to decide?
What do I do with the $25k I have saved?
Mortgage is in my name but parents make the payments. What do I need to do if I want to get my own place?
Parents bought a house for me for college to save on rent. College is over. They want to sell, I want to Rent. What is wiser?
Redeem a US Savings Bond, but keep the certificate?
Employer is offering to put me on payroll or to hire me as independent contractor which should I do?
How often do you redeem you credit card rewards?
How to go about budgeting my first move out? New PF poster, any help appreciated
Reasonable price for a car at my age and situation?
How to Stop Spending?
I Need Advise, Can I Afford a Gaming Console?
How would renting a room of your house to a personally owned business work?
Any "trust fund babies" here? How was the money given to you and how did you handle it?
I just received $10,000. Should I put it in my TSP, or in another Vanguard fund?
Father has $200,000, investment tips?
Any experience of suggestions with these retirement investment accounts?
Hello reddit, I have and idea that I feel can can change the face of healthcare. However I have no money and no resources. How can an idea become a reality?
How do interest rates affect reverse mortgage borrowers?
Should I use my line of credit to pay off my credit card debt?
How do I get individualized tax receipts for people making a group donation?
What happens if you over-contribute to your Roth IRA?
Only 19, family member secretly &amp; consistently asking for money, how to go about this?
I am 24 and have a credit score of 536. What now?
What kind of a credit score do you need for "$0 down" deals such as T-Mobile's interest-free phone plans? Apparently 820 isn't even close to high enough...
Physician mortage: no down payment and low APR for people with high student loan debt. Is it too good to be true?
Avoid California Income Taxes while keeping job in California?
First time filing taxes as independent, any advice?
Roll my current Canadian student loan (6.75%) into something at a lower rate in the USA?
Single people of reddit, how did you get out of the "eating out all the time" trap?
Asking for a raise, should I be specific or no?
Just financed a new car, days later got a work from home job. Is there a way to get out of the loan and save myself hundreds per month?
Help!! My dad got laid off a couple months ago, our insurance is about to run out. What is our best option?
1st Auto Loan - USBANK or Credit Union?
Credit line too high?
Should 0% APR promotional rate affect avalanche method?
I am 22 years old and filed my taxes for the first time last year with turbotax. I'm thinking back and think I did, but am not completely sure if I paid them in full. How can I check?
Does Discover ever do pre-approved offers?
Should I pay cash for a car or use the money to pay off student loans?
Going back to school as adult, any advice?
26m with good salary still living paycheck to paycheck. Cash out 401k and start from scratch?
Is anyone here matched betting? It's been a life saver for a poor budgeting 23 year old...
Mother-in-law thinks she has no pension because company no longer exists. Might it still exist? (US)
UK mortgage brokers of reddit - is it worth sourcing deals yourself?
Need advice...My dad has offered to give me one of the houses he owns and rents out to tenants. What should I prepare myself for if I say yes?
Looking to set up some kind of long-term savings for my niece. What are my options?
I posted here about being 15 and having a minimum wage job, and what I need to do to save. I'm here with another question. I want to start an emergency fund, should it be cash or in a bank account?
Are Additional W-4 authorized withholdings pre or post tax?
How long before I can get a credit card in the UK? Just had my application rejected because I have only been employed here 4 months.
When does a credit card payment actually get reported to credit bureaus?
If you wanna make some easy quick holiday money or if you just wanna be awesome and help me out please click this link!! It doesn't require you to do anything unless you want to so just click the link please!! http://jobandcash.com/?share=190381
Is it worth quitting a full time job that doesn't pay well to move to a higher paying job but with fewer and more erratic hours? (UK)
Question: Is there a service to find all loans in your name?
How can I start managing my father's IRA?
403(b) direct deposit usually on payday, sometimes delayed by a full week. Is this normal?
Should I be maxing out my 401k before opening an IRA?
Should I start a retirement fund at age 23?
What does the political/economic future hold for indebted students in the USA?
As an inconsistent worker in the U.S., what is my best option for year-round health insurance?
Putting lump sum of money in bank...?
If your identity is stolen, are you basically screwed for life?
What is the best way to send money to someone who does not have a bank account?
Girlfriend is filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. How will this affect me?
Buy a house with &lt;20% down or continue renting?
Here are my personal finances... Will I be able to qualify for a mortgage on my target property?
I currently work a FT job at $11/hr with benefits and mileage reimbursement. I was just offered a PT job (30 hrs) that pays $17/hr with mileage reimbursement, but no benefits. Would it be worth it/wise to take the offer based on the increased hourly wage?
Advice Needed - Am buying a new house. Is it better to rent out my current house, or sell it outright?
Should I transfer my 401k balance to my new employer?
Student loans and credit score -- which one do I repay first?
Would this affect my credit score?
Are there any calculators to estimate withholding impact of w4 change?
Best credit card for restaurants?
Switching from a job with 401k to a job with no 401k. What is my next move?
Are student loans really that bad?
How bad did I screw up by setting up a payment plan on a collections item without getting verification from the collector?
Auto Insurance- Removal of 50 mile daily commute doesn't save me money?
Would it be an awful idea to purchase say $100 worth of silver after every paycheck?
How do i save money?
With the market tanking, should I be tax-loss harvesting?
New grad with no debt. Advice on how to proceed?
I need some advice. What are my options here?
Will making an auto loan payment 8 days late hurt my credit score?
Which card to pay down first (somewhat unique situation)?
I just got my first credit card a month ago. How long should I wait until applying to get a second?
Pregnant and in the temporary job market... what should I be looking for/ where would I have the best chance?
I received a raise, but later starting wage went up... Should I talk to someone?
Transamerica 401k PortfolioXpress?
How to Fly Frequently and Frugally?
This retirement calculator can't be right? Also: pay mortgage or save for retirement?
Buy foreclosure with borrowed cash, fix issues, do a cash out refinance to pay back borrowed cash, ???, Profit?
Credit Score Myths Debunked?
Should I let my parents claim me as a dependant?
What to do after 401k is maxed out? Traditional vs Roth IRA?
Navient Loan: Can't "process" payments??
20 y/o, no credit or financial savvy to my name. What can I do to build credit?
Is buying just a pipe dream? (US)
Going to be financially independent with no debt and a very good salary in less than a year. Advice?
Can I "lock-in" gasoline at today's prices?
Choosing Investments for 401k with Atypical Options?
Take out loan from 403(b) to pay student loans?
Pay School Debt or Make a Down Payment?
Prioritizing charitable contributions?
What's my best option for a short-term college savings plan?
Should I dump my tax return into my Emergency Fund, Student Loan Debt, or something else?
Contribute to 401k, move out of parents house, or start savnig for a house?
19 year old who just acquired $8500 CAD. What's the best thing I could do with this?
Car purchase: should I pay it in full, or put a down-payment?
How financially viable is it to move to Australia from the UK?
I need to control my spending habits. Any suggestions on how to monitor then better?
In what circumstances should I expect/request a severance package?
When is the right time to redeem my bonds?
Employer refusing to prodide 401k fee disclosure, next step?
Investing your emergency fund in an ETF?
Online home mortgage with no origination fee, legit? Gotchas?
Does the citi forward 5x card still provide 5x points on Amazon.com?
Where do I start in stocks?
Renting an apartment in a two-family home that is going into foreclosure. What are my options?
Should I cancel my Identity Monitor subscription ($8.95 per month) if I'm trying to cut costs?
What is the safest and quickest way I could double my money?
When applying for an apartment, is no credit as bad as bad credit?
What makes the most financial sense, a PPO or HMO?
Bank requesting a Substitute W9 for taxes via mail?
Newborn due in March...how much is this little guy gonna cost!?!
10k credit card debt, should we take out a loan against our 401k?
Am I paying too much on my IBR?
Buy or rent?? I'm new to this.
Building a home with Ryan Homes, any advice for a first time homebuyer?
Can I make contributions to 403(b) for 2014 until 4/15/2015?
Is anyone currently taking the Kaplan CFP courses slated for testing in November 2015?
What are some good tips or books to help me get started in investing for my future?
I've heard that some mortgage providers require 2 years of open credit lines as proof of creditworthiness. Does anyone have direct experience with this?
25 year old waiter with 47k in private student loans and 36k in federal. Is my payment plan logical?
Can I retire at age 51? I want your opinion.
Would anyone know why after turning down health and dental, I'm still required to pay for life, disability, and dismemberment insurance (CA)?
I have $150,000 in a savings account, can you recommend a better way to invest my money?
So, what happens to my credit when I make my last student loan payment?
New Job, Old 401k, and CC Debt - What's the best play here?
How much debt is worth it for going to college? What are my other options?
Should I consolidate my student loans?
Advice on how to pay off 8 Credit Card debts (About 5.5 K)?
Any advice for getting together a university fund for my little brother? (NZ)
Is this possible? "High school teen earns $72 million trading"
How many of you actually had a finance course offered at your high school?
What would you put on a learning list for someone looking to start dabbling in the stock market?
Is it easier to acquire a part-time job? or a full time job? Who is more likely to get hired?
Escrow to avoid getting scammed while trying to rent a room?
18 Year old Canadian wanting to move out. Where do I start?
Mortgage company mailed my financials wrong address, who can I report this to?
For those who have gotten (re)married and only one partner is bringing children into the family, how do you divide up the finances?
Mortgage company mailed my financials to wrong address. Who can I report this to?
I've got two debts that have been bought by collection agencies. How do I go about paying the minimum amount possible to get these cleared up?
Is Jim Cramer the only one making money on his stock pics?
So the IRS came knocking... What's difference between qualified dividends and ordinary dividends?
What is your opinion of Dave Ramsey?
This might sound like a dumb question but...what do you do once you have actually gotten a legitimate emergency fund?
What do I do if a chargeback claim is denied?
Loans or emergency fund?
Need advice on how to move money from accounts in in India to an account in the US, without losing so much of it to exchange rate and taxes?
Boss asked me to tell him what I want for my end-of-year raise and bonus. I'm at a loss for what to do. Help?
Sent to collections for $45, they can't prove I even owe the money, what can I do?
My boyfriend had a bill go to collections. Is there anything we can do?
Does it matter when I'm reimbursed for tuition?
Currently doing some independent contractor work as a private tutor, owner of the company levies "fine/penalties" for timesheets not completed on time, is this legal?
Should I invest or pay student loans?
Is this actually a year end bonus?
Cannot convince family to contribute to 529 instead of buying toys/clothes/etc - am I in the wrong?
Best introductory bonus Credit Card? (x-post from r/churning)
Technically self-employed - how do my taxes work?
Looking at using free filing software instead of Turbotax. Do they ask the same questions to find "help" find deductions? Thinking student loan interest, mortgage interest, taxes, etc.
23 years old, no-debt, 36k salary. What should I do?
How do I determine my credit standing and what should I be doing? (CA)
Took a job requiring 50% travel. Is there anything I should know?
To those who max-out on 401k contribution, How do you do it without jeopardizing employer matching?
Baby's First Savings Account?
Need advice pertaining to an auto loan: Best place to get one? Best rate? (Any promotions out there now?)
4% raise, $7,000 bonus. Should I be happy with this? Details inside.
I max out my roth IRA contribution, and don't have a 401K option at work. What's the next best thing?
If I had an eviction 6.5 years ago and it has been paid off should I still list that I have been evicted on rental applications?
Selling House with Partner... How to divide proceeds?
I'm getting my Christmas bonus soon and I'm afraid I'm going to blow through it all. Any advice?
How do I find the statement closing date for my Chase credit card?
I turned 22 last week and have been working full time since I was 19. At this point I have significant savings and have earned my BS with no debt. In January I will be starting a new job with double my current salary. My expenses are very low. Any advice on how to make the best use of my income?
Do I keep my house on the market or rent it out?
Can I just up and feed $1000 to my HSA to pay for medical care to make it tax free?
I'd like to develop a rental income stream. Do I have the capital to do it?
Thinking about getting my own apartment. What percentage of my income is the max I should spend on rent per month?
My parents accountant is creating a Roth IRA, what does this mean for me?
Is 16% higher rent for a month-to-month lease worth it?
Pay the statement balance or current balance to avoid paying interest on credit card?
Can someone explain what happened? Someone got a hold of my Credit Card account last week, was successful with 1 of 2 large orders, and all merchandise arrived at my apartment. I am trying to understand...
How can I use my capital to supplement an income?
Employer contributes directly to my personal IRA, and it's counted as income. What should I be concerned about?
Officially an adult... bought a new car and my first home last year, and I have a retirement account. Now, how do I track my finances like an adult?
Best personal finance book to give to my parents?
Card Member Service calls lately. Scam?
A friend of mine balanced transferred his credit card to a loan and the bank closed his credit card by mistake. Is there anything he can do?
28/M Looking at his 2 remaining debts (CA) - Advice?
What financial goals have you completed this year?
Big change in income, house sale. Should I open an IRA before the end of the year?
Traditional IRA deduction phased out, high 401k expenses. What are my options?
How much should I spend on food per month? (single guy 22 yo)
How to teach kids good money habits?
I got a parking ticket on a car that technically wasn't mine. Do I have to pay it? (x-post /r/legaladvice)
I'm about to cash in some bonds, are there any pitfalls or hidden fees I should be aware of?
Women : do you feel underpaid in your line of work? How about savings?
If I sell a painting for $4,000,000 and pay the 35% capital gains. Do I still need to pay federal income tax on top of that?
A fellow redditor I know is in financial trouble. I want to help him out, but how do I know if it's a scam?
Identity might be compromised.. What do I do?
Roth: better to tax now or tax later?
Why are you only allowed to get your credit report for free once a year?
How many of you would consider having more children (or children at all) if higher education was not as expensive?
Should I continue to use (and pay for) my personal financial advisor?
If you could work anywhere in US knowing what you know now, where would you work? (Seeking Advice)
Graduating in two days, just got a job offer, how the heck do I do this?
Transferring ROTH IRA funds from a Fidelity Target date fund to a Vanguard Target date fund?
Can you have an offline bank account?
sold house for capital gain, options?
Automatic Expense Management?
I am able to use savings bonds to buy a new laptop?
Back in school @ 25- where should my money be?
2013 Taxes got Audited - now what do I do?
Can I refuse/deny/counter offer an end of the year raise?
Splitting Savings/Checking Accounts?
Has anyone had any experience with www.winningstockcoach.com?
Hit with overdraft fees for an account I haven't used in 2 and a half years - what do I do? (UK)
What is the best way for me (19 year old in the military) to build credit?
20 yrs old with $10,000 in savings - what should I be doing with this?
Someone may have my SS card and birth certificate...what should I do?
Can someone help me? I'm a little in debt, soon to be more than I can handle, and stuck on what to do.
Opened a new credit card and credit score took a 43 point dip?
Credit Implications of Issuer Closing/Re-Opening Account?
Living paycheck-to-paycheck with lots of bills. Got a $10,000 bonus. What do?
I'm in a position at work to negotiate a raise since my company is moving. I've calculated my monthly living expenses, how much over that number should I ask for?
5% mortgage -- getting screwed?
Can you build credit by taking out Cash Advances on your credit card then depositing that money into your Bank Account and then paying off your Credit Card with the same money?
Western Union BANK DECLINE?
Friends boyfriend has abandoned the comonly purchased house. Can she leaglly deduct a bigger part of the mortgage interest?
Tax Advantages to Cashing Out Net Loss Stocks?
Just accepted my first job offer. How much can I realistically spend and save?
How to stop recurring payments on debit card?
How does my 401k allocation look?
Should I move out or wait until I finish college?
Time weighted returns?
Parents really need a new car, but their income is extremely limited. Is there any option?
$600 medical bill sent to collection agency. Already made two payments. What are my options?
MA resident - how long does a doctor have to send me a bill?
I'm a newly made manager at a fast-food sub sandwich restaurant. I'm salaried (not hourly), but I'm working **way** more than 40 hrs/wk (avg. 60hrs). Can I demand anything more than just my salary for everything over 40 hrs? Thanks Reddit!
Is there a "best" bank?
Threat of stock delisting, what does this mean? What should I do?
How much should I request for a credit line increase?
I need a car for 5 months. Should I lease, buy or is there something else I could do?
We're doing well, but could we be doing better? Critique our plan!
Is it okay to just leave credit card balance at $0 forever?
Is there any consequence of paying off my credit card bill mid month?
How do you avoid the low income cycle of buying something so you feel well off?
Is it possible to protect your savings and investments from divorce?
How does credit card utilization work?
How do you draw money out of retirement?
How should I deal with a small amount of inheritance? (AU)
Reducing taxes: Are solo 401k employer contributions deductible from the self employment tax owed?
My live-in fiancé is a stay at home mom. I support her and our child. Can I claim her on my taxes?
Mortgage lenders - FICO score cutoffs for rates?
Great credit report, low score??
My bank account is being garnished due to actions from my former roommate. What do I do?
Rehabilitating a closed BoA Visa credit account?
Is it OK to cancel a credit card after paying it off, or should I just hold onto it without using it?
I have £200k cash, homeless, aimless, what should I do with it? (UK)
What is the best career to make the most money?
Should I Take A Huge Pay Cut For A New Career?
When going through a loan process for a home, how do you verify proof of funds for cash you had stashed away?
Investing in Capital One 360 or other?
Is it a good time to buy a house?
Futureadvisor.com is suggesting I should liquidate my portfolio. Is it worth it?
Bad credit. No debt. New car. 17% car loan. Can pay off within 6 months. Should I?
What is a good financial gift for new parents/baby?
What to do with my 100k? (brazilian)
Can I refuse/deny/counter offer an end of the year raise?
Taxes on sending money to myself from foreign account to US account?
How can I calculate how much my retirement stock will be taxed once I sell it when I resign?
I live in Tampa FL, will move out in Jan. 2018. Should I buy a house or rent?
(US Student, studying in France) Can I do anything with receipts?
Turning 18 soon, what do i do with my stock? (Denmark)
Is it legal for me to accept gold at $ value for my services?
Would you refinance?
I'm looking to move to NYC. Can someone tell me how realistic it would be for me, financially?
I probably know the answer, but I need more convincing - should I pay off this loan, or make a huge dent in another?
Why did my credit card limits just triple?
Spending more than I have to on rent. Stupid?
Should I be using a financial advisor?
Should I get a $35,000 loan?
Are companies like Rodan + Fields or Mary Kay a good way to make a little cash on the side?
Sell before or after year end?
I have about $8,000 saved up from money my parents have been giving me. Do I owe taxes on that?
Is it worth investing in Russian rubles right now? [Serious]
Unexpected Car Repair "Wrecked" my Budget. Can I Feasibly Fix it?
What school expenses cab I write off on taxes? [IL, USA]
New to Roth IRA: am I watching too closely?
I missed a "mandatory" unpaid overtime class for work and now my job is trying to get me to pay for the class... Is that legal?
Any tax benefits for a first time home buyer in the US looking to liquidate stock for down payment?
Wiser to save then pay down mortgage, or pay down mortgage as money becomes available?
7 Pachecks left in the Army &amp; wife is in the Navy - save or pay down debt?
How can I help my mom understand her financial situation?
I have 3 months credit history, my wife has 7 years. If she adds me as an authorised user on her four year old BOA credit card, will her credit take a hit? Will I suddenly have a credit score?
Looking into debt consolidation options as my student loans go into repayment - advice?
How does a car allowance work for tax purposes?
How does trading in my car work?
(US) What should I do with financial aid refunds? (Only subsidized loans).
How can you figure out if you are being underpaid; and if you are, how do you switch jobs?
[UK] My ex fiancé recently left our joint mortgaged home but still has access, does she legally have to pay half to all bills?
They say small cellular companies are just as good as the large ones? Is Cricket really comparable to Verizon?
Recruiter asking for my "compensation expectations" for a position I was offered. What tools should I be using to make a case to give a base salary number?
Should I pay off all my CC balance?
Denied Refinancing on Auto Loan - Advice?
How do I write off cancelled stock?
Comerica Bank Credit Analyst --&gt; Relationship Manager?
Salaried vs Hourly Contractor, anything I'm missing?
19 year old permanent resident in America. How do I do my taxes?
How much should I be making for Marketing/PR in Chicago?
Have an extra $90 a month now, how do I best apply that to my student loans?
im turning 18 next year and probably going to medicine school. should i have/apply for a credit card?(IN)
Clearing solutions. Is it legit?
Thanks Reddit! What to do now with my secured CC?
I know it's not a good idea to close revolving accounts, but what about installment loans that show as "open" with $0 balance?
Save for home or pay off student loans quickly?
Canadian here: I'll have about 120K from a house sale that I want to use for another purchase. What is the best way to grow it in the interim?
Should I apply for another credit card?
How often can I/should I ask for a credit card limit increase?
Family is getting older -- What is the right way to prepare taking over the house?
Possible to have one spouse on mortgage, but using money earned by both for downpayment?
I forgot to file income taxes, how screwed am I and what can I do?
How do you decide whether or not to buy a house when you can't guarantee what happens in the future?
How fast will my credit score go up after paying off credit cards?
Need a Reality Check &amp; Advice - Do I Need to Move?
529's: Are there different kinds? Generally a good idea? How much to start or contribute is recommended?
What is the equivalent value of a "normal" benefits package?
You're a Russian citizen right now, your currency has an bleak future. What do you do with your savings?
When getting a credit card, should I also create a bank account from the bank that issued the card?
Life insurance as an investment vehicle?
Moved to the US, still can't find a full-time job. But I'm working remotely for a company in my home country. Do I have to pay US taxes?
How do I prove I'm homeless?
What's the most responsible choice here?
What is the best way for an 18 year old high school senior to begin building credit?
Which Roth IRA should I get?
Buying a house... have I missed anything major?
Moving to New Area - Cost of Living Salary Adjustment?
Unpaid credit card balances: Do you let it sit until payment date or pay it off straight away?
Are my expense ratios going to damage me?
Just started freelancing, what should I do "right" from the start?
I have a Profit Share (I think?) account through my company. I have no idea what I'm doing.
Save for a down payment on a house or finish paying off student loans?
Negotiate salary immediately after job offer, or wait a day?
Student/waiter here earning $1200 per month, give or take $200. Almost zero overhead, where is the best place to put my money?
Why can't I get a small, 2 year auto loan? It seems like the only auto loans available are for a minimum $7,500 and a minimum of 36/48 months.
What taxes are actually due on Roth, trad IRA, and taxable investment accounts?
Receiving stock from a small company I contract with. What will be on my 1099?
Starting at University (transferring from community college). What's your advice with student loans?
Is it possible to rent with only student loans as income? (X-post from /r/RealEstate)
Contributed too much to my Roth IRA, whats the best move now?
GF just hit with a $400 medical bill...can she actually be held responsible for this?
Quarter-life crux, unusual situation--advice?
If I worked say 10 years and stopped or not file w2 forms for like 5 years then started working and filing it again for 15 years. Does the first 10 years of taxes count towards retirement or do I start over?
A coworker was told today that if he were to change depts, he would likely not see the full pay increase. Is this common?
I am 20 YO and have a bit over 7K of credit card debt. Am I screwed?
Visa Points/Rewards! Best way to use them?
Should I pay off my solar panel loan early or let the solar credits pay it off?
Any other banks beside ally and schwab that reimburse BOTH their fee and other banks fee for using ATM?
When to upgrade CC?
I applied and was approved for a Freedom card, but now it's saying that I don't have enough credit to do a balance transfer. What can I do?
How will cancelling my credit card of a year and opening a new one impact my credit score?
I agreed to co-sign on a car for my wife, but when I got the paperwork, I am required to sign in the "Buyer" Line. Does this sound right?
Is there such a thing as a financial advisor for the poor/lower middle class?
I dug myself into a financial hole, and then I bought a longer shovel and kept digging. Can you help me get back on track?
Need help with HMO, PPO, or HSA?
How common are pensions?
Should I buy a condo or continue renting?
What to do with large amount of inheritance?
Credit Card transfer balance - what should I choose?
6 year old debt just showed up as a collection, what do I do?
Can my employer switch me from salary to hourly?
Should I sell my investments to pay down student loans before I jump up into a higher tax bracket next year?
Mint users how do you deal with reimbursement?
Is using my credit card to pay my auto insurance every month actually a bad idea?
Almost End of 2014...Just started 401(k).. did I do this right?
Can I buy Individual Stocks in a Roth IRA?
Selling my house in 16 months, any reason not to put additional income into paying down principal?
Starting grad school soon. Should I pay off existing loans at 6.8% and take out new loans for grad school or pay for grad school as I go?
What part of my IRA to 401(k) rollover needs to be complete by December 31? Or does it not matter?
Company's Hiring Me off Temp agency, How much should I ask for?
Roth IRA or saving for down payment?
How should I manage my finances during my internship next year?
I owe $6000 to the bank and have very small income, how do I get out of debt?
How detailed are you at tracking your expenses and income?
Tax benefits/drawbacks of buying a house this calendar year vs next?
What are some legitimate ways to work from home while also working a full time job (besides ebay)?
Thinking about opening a Roth IRA before the end of the year. Can someone look over my logic and help me understand if this makes sense?
Being an 18 year old on my own in college, whats the best credit card for gas to build credit?
Borrow Money For RRSP ? (Can.)
Is it a good idea to pay off debt with a subsidized student loan?
Is is better to pay the collection agency or the source?
Company just started offering 401K, should I join if I'm planning to leave within the next 6-12 months?
Am I legally obligated to correct a credit report error in my favor?
People with Discover IT, how often do you encounter places that don't accept this card?
I have a surplus in my budget at the end of the month, $200-$500. What are some ways I can make that money work and grow for me?
My employer has a SAR-SEP. Can someone walk me through setting up my IRA?
Do I pay taxes on donations/gifts?
please help me buy a car?
Does it matter with who you open a brokerage account?
When to sell ESPP?
Where to put my cash savings over the next 6-8 years?
I need a car now but I won't forever - What kind of car should I get?
Too scared to call into the Suze Orman show, but I want to know... how am I doing?
How should I do this?
(Canada) Starting first grown-up job, what are the best vehicles to meet my long-term financial goals?
How do I hire a financial advisor?
How much can I expect to get for gold from a currency exchange?
Moving to new Area - Cost of Living Salary Adjustment?
Traditional 401k rollover to Roth?
Food stamps for unemployed college student?
My bank increased my credit line on my secured credit card, how do I get my security deposit back?
Bonus cash: invest in 401k or pay off debt?
I'm pretty sure I'm getting pretty hefty inheritance, so what next?
How I learned to stop worrying and start with Vanguard, but did I invest correctly?
Mortgage + Auto Loans ... does it make sense to combo them?
A plan to dig out. Wise? Foolish? Advice please!
How do I get started with managing an investment portfolio?
I have significant debt, and am in very poor health. I have limited financial resources, and want to know where is the best place to put my money, and is bankruptcy an option?
How many credit cards should I have?
Buying my first car and car insurance?! Oh my!
How did you all get started in investing?
What would be the approximate value after 10 years with a 5% interest rate and a recurring $520 yearly deposit?
Am I choosing the right loans to pay off first?
Being given 100k to “invest” only. Want to “invest” in upskilling myself. Can I sell this to giver? (AU)
SIMPLE IRA and Roth IRA contribution limits?
Overcontributed to 401k - Do I need to request an amended W2?
Is it the right time to open a Roth IRA? 22F poor grad student
If I were to pass away, who would be stuck with my debts? 24 yo unmarried female w/no kids.
My mom just gave me savings bonds that I got when I was a kid. What should I do with them?
My LLC has $22k in its account and ~$60k in revenue for 2014. Can I put some in 401(k) or IRA to decrease my tax burden?
Considering pursuing my dream career, but at the risk of (probably) lower pay with the sacrifice of a comfortable income cushion every month. Change is scary, but is it "worth it?"
Old 401k - roll over into new 401k or an IRA?
Can financial assistance from parents be included when applying for debt consolidation?
Credit card help for someone young and confused? Which card should I get, and how best should I be saving/spending my money?
Where do I start?
My friend's brother apparently didn't attend a single class at college this semester, flunked all his classes, and put himself (and by proxy, his family) $20k in debt. What courses of action are available for him &amp; his family?
Is my financial advisor f*cking up?
I will be traveling next year to country whose currency is very weak right now. Should I purchase currency now?
Auto loan? Private vs dealer?
(CA) 21F student, where do I start?
Does opening a credit card and then closing it right away hurt my credit score?
On my 18th birthday I granted $10,000 from a court case. I'm scared. I have no idea what to do with it. Help ? [Canada]
Credit Karma Pre-Qualified?
Discovercard provides FICO scores on their monthly statements. Does them getting this number every month hurt my credit score?
If I am financing something for work, how do I write that off as a work related expense?
I want to buy a house for someone else to live in. Best way to go about it?
What's smarter? One lump sum of $5500 into IRA or periodic contributions?
[23] I have approx. $9,000 in various stocks and funds. Starting my first salaried job next year - should I sell and start an IRA?
Why am I paid seemingly less than minimum wage? (UK)
Should I stay or should I go? ($FLATX)
I have great credit, wife has bad credit... What are our options for getting a mortgage?
Would I benefit from further diversification?
What do I do in this situation?
How much will my credit improve after paying off a 15,000 dollar car loan in 36 months?
Payoff debt or another option?
How to collect the rent???
Is it irresponsible to splurge on a new gaming console when I'm heading to university next year and should be saving my money?
Travel or Save? Help me make a good financial decision!
Forced to move out and lost my job. Any good entry level jobs you can eventually move up in, paying at least $13 an hour?
How does buying a flat differ from buying a house? (UK)
Financial Planning for 2015 - Help?
27, student with no debt, living at home. What do I do after I build the emergency fund?
50 years old and know nothing about investing. Too late for me?
[Canada] Computer Science student seeking part-time job in the service, but my resume is stacked with technical internships. How do I build a resume that won't get tossed in the "unapplicable/overqualified" pile?
Am I saving too much?
I just got a real job- how can I save/invest to grow a nest egg?
What kind of account should we open for our infant daughter?
Rookie Educator with $60k student loan debt, but I want to start investing/retirement planning...help?
Why doesn't this sub promote funds like American Funds and Yacktman funds?
-$400 PayPal balance for a disputed eBay item that happened 4 months ago. What do I do?
A better investment real estate or stocks/bonds?
Can you guys help me with a budget please?
I'm a 20-year-old college student and have received a $36,000 loan at 0.75% with monthly payments of roughly $618 starting fall of 2016. What do I do with it?
Best way to invest money for my 1 year old?
I should go for a variable rate loan, right?
How am I doing? Where do I go from here?
Shared Credit Rating from AU to US? (AU)
Advice for a 23-year-old with massive medical and student loans?
Can anyone see any downsides to this 4.0% APY checking account?
My old bank account still works?
£10,000 to put in either a company pension or an ISA, what is the best approach for retirement (UK)?
Startup offer, weary what should I ask?
At what point is it worth it to get a financial adviser?
Is Mint.com worth using for me?
My car was in the shop for 2 weeks with a repair covered by a recall. Is there any avenue to be reimbursed for the rental I had to get?
Savings Bonds - Did I get screwed on 'interest'?
What does my financial situation look like?
What proportion of your paycheque do you put aside into a savings account?
I make less than 60K but made some money on capital gains (unrealized). Is this taxed?
Surplus in Budget- Pay off more on student loans or build up emergency fund?
Inheriting tangible precious metals, when and how will I be taxed if sold?
Tax efficient way of moving brokers? I want to leave Wells Fargo mutual funds for Vanguard index funds and a Roth IRA.
Just recieved an inheritance and a year end bonus now what?
Are balance transfers from a credit card a negative mark on one's credit rating?
"Facilities Fees" in Doctor's Offices? Non insurance unavoidable fees? Is that right?
Should I refinance?
Can I borrow from my IRA and return the money in the same year without penalties?
Two time brain cancer survivor defaulted on all private student loans, still on disability. How should I proceed?
My work is now offering a FSA. Are they worth it?
I am looking for an Android App that will help me establish a family budget. Any suggestions?
How am I doing? How can I improve?
Have my first internship this summer. What's the smartest thing to do with my money?
What are your best bits of advice for a college grad entering the working world?
Can my savings be maximized over the next 3 years?
What is the value of an extra $1, $10, $100 or $1000 against my mortgage each month?
Buy a house or build a house?
How did you decide how much of your yearly budget you would donate to charity?
Is this term life plan too good to pass up?
Vehicle purchase: 0% financing vs paying with cash?
Roth IRA vs Traditional IRA, which one?
How should I make the best of my savings (CA)?
Adjustable Complife: keep or cash out?
Pay off student loan interest?
I have no CC debt. I paid off my student loans. I have no 401K etc. I "cohabit" with a wealthy man. I have 10K in my savings, now what?
Can I afford to be a grown-up? (USA)
What would be the best way to track my spending/budget on pen and paper? I need something simple!
I'm taking the plunge and going to buy an r/PF-approved car. Gotta sell the clown car... but fix it first?
Burned through my $2000 savings account, no income, can't find work. Bills piling up. What do I do before I put a bullet in my brain?
Investing in mutual funds without a broker?
Can we afford this house we want to rent or is it out of reach for our budget?
We were attacked by our neighbor's dog. What's next?
Started budgeting a year ago, but things have slipped. Help?
Banks screwed up, long explanation please read and help me, i dont know how to correct it?
Just got a hike on my mortgage of nearly 200 euro due to a reduction in government tax relief. Is there anything I can do to reduce that by talking to my bank? I live in Ireland.
Sister bought a car from buy here pay here; Piece of shit, upside down by $4,000 and 580 credit. What can she do?
Living off VA disability -- is my plan good?
"Giving circle/susu": anyone ever heard of this?
[First Time Home Buyer] Pay mortgage quickly or invest instead?
Going to Grad school, could use some advice on how to pay for it...help?
If you had either $10k, $100k, $1M, or $10M would you invest them the same or differently?
OK realtor held security deposit 30+ days and is now keeping deductions. How do I get my money back?
Can you help me planning for when I'll move out? (IT)
Considering purchasing property to rent to my bankrupt mother -- What do I need to know?
Is there anything else I should be doing?
Right travel credit card for me?
Credit Card Reward Points. Is there really a point?
Can someone please help me calculate my expected tuition cost?
Collectors are coming after me for a debt owed jointly with my ex. What can I do?
How do my finances look? Feedback welcome
Biggest waste of money when you were younger?
Should I plop down the cash for Florida Prepaid College?
Any tips on my monthly expenses? I think I'm okay but don't want to miss something.
Finally have spare money this month. Should I put down money for a car payment to get ahead or put the money in savings?
Can a retailer alert me of a credit card error and ask for payment 1.5 years after purchase?
How many allowances on my w4?
How to balance life and overtime?
Best place to put your savings in?
File taxes as married or married filing separately?
I think someone might have scammed a life insurance policy using my name. Can anyone tell me what's going on here?????!!?
The Japanese yen (JPY) is quickly weakening against the USD. What can I do to maximize my Yen savings?
What advice do you wish you could tell yourself before you moved out?
Car accident issue that wasn't my fault going back on me?
Paying Jan 2015 mortgage before 12/31 for tax deduction?
Some tips for travel expense management. Any software or app (IN)?
Can you have 2 part time jobs without telling one of the employers?
After 5 years we finally found the person who stole my fiancé's identity, what are our options?
A lesson in finance | If every kid could have an education in finance, what would the curriculum look like?
I am 18 years old and going to be moving from my parent's house in Small town, NY to L.A...tips?
Finally after 12 years of bad credit I have good credit again. (710 FICO) How do I get my scores to go higher without taking on huge debt obligations like a car or a home?
Not sure if this belongs in personalfinance..?
I have $9,000 in a taxable brokerage account, and my income is in the 15% bracket for 2014. Should I liquidate now?
Help! I was hired part time, but my boss has me scheduled 44 hours and I am not getting benefits. What should I do?
How do you avoid underpayment penalties with capital gains? (US)
I'm a minor making more money than my college is giving me, what do I do with it?
Which student loan to pay off first? Help!
How much is the life experience of having your own place worth?
Effects of a gap year between college and work?
I'm 22 and make about 40,000 per year. Roth IRA or Traditional IRA?
People in your 30+s...How many jobs did you have in your 20s?
25 year old male. 25k in debt. How much should my monthly payment be? Making about 600 weekly. 5k in savings.
What to do about college?
Could we be investing more wisely?
Will I have to pay sales tax on a diamond ring if I buy online?
Just bought a new Motorcycle. Hoping to pay it off within the year. Advice?
What does r/personalfinance think about saving credit/debit cards in iCloud keychain?
Bankruptcy removed from Credit Report? Really?
I just got my first job (40k in DC). What do I need to know about my first car, living in DC, managing my income, and anything else? AKA can you look over my plan?
College asking for W2 but I work under the table, what do I do?
Getting a $14,000 a year family gift, buried in student loan debt- what to pay first?
(EU) Quite a few years ago my mother was given bonds in a Swiss account as payment. What's the best course of action to retrieve?
Is iXperience worth its price tag?
Opportunity for stock as bonus?
Can I apply 401k contributions through 4/2015 to my 2014 limit?
Is https://www.credible.com/ the real deal? Offers "Kayak.com like" options for refinancing [x-post from r/studentloans]
Running out of money to pay tuition for college. Any advice?
I've only just realized, with shock, how screwed I might be in the retirement area (I'm 29). How do people even start?
How to best pay off this debt?
How should I save my money?
Graduating in May, SO &amp; I both have jobs lined up in Phoenix. Am I doing this right?
Should I be recieving overtime?
HSA Bank monthly fee - unavoidable?
Boss mentioned talks of salary today, what should I negotiate?
Where can I go to learn the basics of investing in stocks?
If a company works on a % raise based on an annual review, how would I approach asking for more compensation?
I was told my that my employer's 401k fund options are attractive. Should I look into doing a reverse rollover of my IRA into my 401k? Or are there equally attractive Vanguard funds?
21 year old male college student. 12k in student loan debt, $800 on credit card, and minimal income. Advice?
How does my plan look? (22M, Staying at home)
What am I worth? Going to negotiations Monday.
$1 million houses in global cities... is it the new normal with globalization?
How do I remove shared CCs without taking a hit?
(19 Male) Just started making $31.70/hr full time, but have no credit. Where to start?
If your student loan interest rate is 3.5% for about 9K. Would you pay it off right away or invest money for something with a higher interest rate?
Does anyone here have a Consumers Credit Union rewards checking? Do you find it difficult to meet the requirements to get that 5.09% interest rate?
IRA to Pay off Credit Card?
Those with HOA/Condo dues, how do you pay them?
I have a $17,000 student loan at 11.75% interest. Anything I can while still in school?
Should I incorporate?
Boss wants me to work as an independent contractor and apply for a business license?
Staying in school for Masters Degree, or taking 85k a year job?
Best types of savings accounts?
Student Loans - any hope?
Help! Am i in a position to ask for a payrise or should i suck it up?
22 YO college student, in debt, about to receive 8-10k. What to do?!?!
Am I really at my potential??
Personal finance software - something a bit more advanced than YNAB?
I think my new job is using me. Help?
How do you know how expensive of a car you can afford?
Moving out should i sell my 2004 ford escape?
What's the best credit card to get for a college student?
How should I tackle this credit card debt?
Won trip in October. Getting tax forms and taking trip in January. It will apply to tax year 2015, right?
I would really love to invest my money in stocks, however I have a close relative who works in a specific field related to stocks, and according to that individual, I cannot trade, as to reduce insider trading. Is this true?
I make $14 an hour. Will I ever be able to afford a house by myself?
Would you mind helping me compare my 401k options?
$2500 debt in collections for me and ex-roommate, possible to pay my half and get it off of my credit report?
I'm gifting my li'l sister $1,000 on the condition she invests it to a Roth IRA. This will be her first-time investing. Would a target-date portfolio be more suitable than a 3-fund portfolio for this small amount?
(17m) been making a steady 1200 per paycheck (commission) not much saved. No car no margage (live with mom) what should i be doing with my money?
First New Car Purchase - Can I Afford This?
Should I Look Into PayPal Credit?
People who made a lot of money in your 20s, what did you do in your 30s?
Should I keep my Wealth Manager?
[Spain] First Job, How do I start saving?
I'm an unemployed 16 year old living in the UK. Do I need to pay taxes on Bitcoin sales?
Where does ESPP fit into "I have $X" scenario?
[Misc Advice] How to determine the type of check?
Advice in transferring money to the U.S. for real estate?
I work for a healthcare facility and many of us are currently working overtime, for straight pay. Can they do this?
How do I become more marketable/switch careers using benefits I receive working in higher education?
Should I transfer my credit card balance?
Roth vs Traditional: Is my reasoning sound?
Tax-advantaged accounts in Switzerland? Also a Q about Austria
Getting out of the military and offered a finance job starting at $85k. How does this translate from $60k in the military with benefits and what should I expect?
Lost spouse, didn't plan, now what?
"Moving" money from taxable account to Roth 401k?
Credit history not long enough for an Auto Loan. What are my options?
Are the hours worth the money? 52 hours a week, bi-weekly pay of $800. 9.00 an hour.
Welp, I dun goofed signing up for my 2015 benefits.. how screwed am I?
I have two CDs with low APYs. Should I be investing elsewhere?
Probably going to get laid off, and not stressing. Am I an idiot?
I want to gift my sister some stock in coal for Christmas, how do I actually go about doing that?
How to make a budget with auto deductible pay checks?
My company is relocating. I have 3 years but need 5 to fully vest in 401k. Also pension is not locked in until 5 years. What happens if I don't go with them?
24 y/o Student. Need Help Investing about $1000. Retirement, Mutual Funds etc? (CA)
How do you deal with the emotional aspect of sunk costs when selling stuff?
How do I move to America? Living in the UK and lucky enough to have an American passport.
I was a noob then and invested $10K in a Roth IRA for GLD &amp; SLV ETFs (I know, I know...). Now, the value is just about $5K. Should I sell them now, cut losses, and just invest them in index funds? Or would you recommend I hold on to them until it picks up?
Pay off car, or save up for house...?
Anyone rented their home while away for a year?
Parents plan on paying off their house and giving it to my brother and I. What are we in store for?
Switching to total index fund from S&amp;P 500 fund? [Vanguard]
Young and with nowhere to go, where should a poor young man who has no one move to start over?
Non deductible traditional IRA contribution question?
Company 401k, should I be contributing more? [Fidelity]
From well off to homelessness back to stability. How do I rebuild my life and make sure I don't crash again?
Vanguard 403b - what am I getting and how can I make it better?
My employer is going to pay off my student loan debt. Is there anyway to avoid taxes on this income?
How do I fight a canceled check?
Would an unqualified withdraw from an HSA need to pay payroll taxes? If not, does that mean the effective tax penalty is about 2.5%?
Taxes: filing single vs married filing jointly?
Undo Roth IRA contribution, redo as Backdoor?
Living on $12 an hour possible?
When you were at your poorest, what extremes did you go to, to save money?
I am going to be making a lot of cash starting next month from selling illegal drugs. What is the best way I can get this into a bank account without raising suspicion?
Australian Tax System - What deductions you can and can’t claim?
Looking to diversify my investments beyond the stock market. Where do you guys put your money, other than mutual funds, stocks, etc.?
Who do you bank with?
Teaching English abroad... curious what my equivalent US salary is?
I read that you can make contributions to the previous year's IRA until April. Does this apply if I have no IRA this year, but want to pay into it next year?
FREE eBook (Trade Like a Pro with Japanese Candlesticks). Are you ready to understand and finally start making money in the stock market? Download your FREE version today!!! (Offer expires Dec 24, 2014)
How to allocate my investment account? 25 years old. ETFs? Mutual funds?
I received a $10,000 gift to supplement my emergency fund. How can I make it work for me?
Citizen of the US living in Peru. I do freelance work online for someone who lives in Uruguay. How do I go about filing/paying my taxes? (PE)
How do you separate your savings goals if they use the same account? e.g. Vacation from Home purchase
What one piece of advice would you give someone starting their 20s?
Should I do a Roth IRA conversion?
Average age of account associated with credit issuer or specific credit card?
Calling recruiter's office to ask about status of my application?
Emergency fund? With a twist.
I'm an hourly contractor who made $75k in 10mo. Negotiating with HR to go full-time salaried this week. How much should I ask for?
Should I rent out my couch/place/car/etc? "serious"
Received a tax bill for $900 from IRS because in 2011, the man I am currently divorcing did not claim some income on our taxes. What do I do?
Terms of side gig payment are changing. How will this affect me?
College fund for friends new child?
What to do as a new freelancer?
2015 will be the first year I file taxes. If I contributed to a traditional 401(k) in 2014, will I receive a decent tax refund?
Should I take a TLOW?
401K questions?
What are some useful tips to manage your money day to day?
Mint users - how do you track your envelope system?
Just came into a little bit of money. How should we disperse it?
Tired of fees from my bank (Regions). I'm looking into switching to either Ally or Grow Financial FCU, anyone have experiences they can share?
Need help understanding options (surrendering? Carmax?) Moving soon and must get rid of car, $4,000 underwater.
Does it make sense to pay more than minimum each month for a car loan (from car dealership through local Credit Union; more details inside)? Related: should I refinance?
Is it still worth exercising ISOs if they will trigger AMT?
Interest rate on my student loan (Sallie Mae) is 10.25% p.a. Is it possible to get it lowered? Explanation in text
Is having a HELOC worth it? What are the pros and cons to my situation?
Best way to recuperate credit score after missed credit card payment?
I'm not sure if I will fall under the roth limit in 2015 - is there any disadvantage to doing a backdoor roth even if I do fall under the limit?
0% APR Balance Transfer. Have done one already. Will doing another hurt me?
About to graduate from school with employment - how do I navigate in independent business? (Also, buying a house?)
I am a 20% member of an LLC in Washington state. No owner contract involved. We parted ways before business actually opened and business is now open. What can I do about my share in company?
Is there a way to make sure my Walmart checks work before trying to actually use them?
Should I even consider first time mortgage when I have no downpayment?
If I opt out of my companies insurance plan because I have a different insurance provider, can I ask for a higher salary?
Additional income untaxed, how to report it?
Ideas for refinancing a 11% private student loan with a balance of $40,000?
What's the best plan for getting rid of my new truck in the next few years?
New Car - Buying outright VS loan?
Taxes on Cashed Savings Bond Checks?
What do I do if my parents pull all support for my education, but my tuition payment is due in two weeks?
I need a bit of quick help PF. I'm starting a new job and I have to fill out my tax info tomorrow. I'm not sure what to do and what to fill out. Will someone give me a quick lesson on them?
Can you answer this question for me? I've read the sidebar.
Wait for credit report to show recent activity before getting mortgage approval?
I'm paying about $4,000 for LASIK. I've saved up the cash, but is there a "best" way to pay?
Should I switch Banks?
Had to cash in an old 401(k), but can't afford to pay taxes/penalty. What do I do?
So when the feds up the interest rate???
Need advice please! Family obligation to split mortgage on family house with siblings. How to leave this agreement without hurt feelings and losing money?
What day is the cutoff for selling stocks for tax purposes?
I had to take a loan from 401k. I may end up defaulting on loan. Part of loan used Roth 401k contributions. What is my tax liability? Double taxation?
Retirement account - should I have some bond funds?
What 2014 goals did you hit? What 2015 goals are you making?
how do i get out of debt ? its 200% of my income.
Tax Questions? Thanks for any help!!
If a credit card has a 26.99% interest rate, does that mean that 26.99% of the balance is tacked on every month as interest?
Credit card with $8,000 limit. I never use it. What should I do?
Can PTO (paid time off) be denied?
We're pregnant! What are the best ways to save for our child's future?
Covert Trad IRA to Roth?
18. No debt. (Basically) no bills. How do I begin investing?
Should I refinance my student loans?
Are there more risks to owning a home free and clear (in case of losses not covered by HOI)?
Thinking about buying a PC, it is smart?
I have a 20-year-old in college. What's the best way for this youngster to build credit?
(US)Years ago, B of A refused to reaffirm a loan during a bankruptcy. Now they refuse to refinance based on their own inaction. Do I have any recourse?
(NY) Can Medicaid take your house? If so, how do you prevent it?
What is one personal finance decision you regret? How would you do it differently?
My wife and I both do the same type of freelance work. Does it make sense to form a corporation?
What’s the deal with home ownership these days?
Large rollover of 401k to roth IRA, underpayment tax penalty?
Best business entity organization for a small business (including a franchise?)
Car Question. Replace or Keep?
What is the best way that I can get my parents money to fix their leaking roof?
Who has no credit card debt from Christmas spending? How did you do it?
Sinking in Student Debt, would refinancing Help?
How to balance saving for huge expense vs investing in retirement?
I'm in college, want to open a savings account/any general advice?
Someone asks you to not deposit a check immediately, what does this mean?
Roth IRA with Chase Private Client?
Anything I should do before year-end? (mix of employed, unemployed, and self-employed time)
I have no credit history. Why is my credit score so high?
(US) When does Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) apply versus Short Term Capital Gains tax?
I just lost everything in a fire with NO insurance- what should I do with saving for buying new possessions?
For those of you who have wanted to start saving money and haven't, what's holding you back?
Hey /r/personalfinance - Did you get a raise?
Is settling debt something you do only when the debt has been sent to collections?
How many of you worry about your parents' financial future?
Asking my boss for a raise to meet taxes as my company is going to move me independent contractor status. Can somebody check my math please?
Will I ever be able to get a car before I am 30? (UK)
Should I donate to Wikipedia?
Debt help type company im interested in. Any good/bad experiences?
Closing a completely unused credit card without hurting my credit score?
What’s the deal with home ownership these days?
Should I rent an apartment or buy a home? (Details inside)
New college graduate - Should I buy or continue renting?
Retired parents have no investments. Pile of cash in the bank. Assuming they'll take advice, how do I advise them?
What are the implications of giving your SSN to the Mint app?
Mint just showed I spend $1,000 on coffee this month ,compared to $50 last month??
How to apply for FAFSA if under 18?
Has any one here successfully closed on an owner financed mortgage? And would you recommend it?
Traditional IRA or Backdoor Roth for High Income earners?
When is getting a master's degree worth it?
I plan on buying a house in 4 years. Advice?
Athlete Pay?
What will the winner of "Reddit, let's make a millionaire" be facing?
Can someone explain this odd 401k matching to me?
Anyone else having issues with Mint/Mercer?
26 and landed a position making $118k. Was previously making $60k. What on earth do I do with the additional money?
What should I do with large amount of inheritance money?
In-laws expect windfall, can they ignore 401K/IRA accounts if they're over 65?
Should I press about the salary in this offer?
In what order should I pay off my student loans?
Save for a house or SIMPLE IRA?
24 year old male no debt 20k in cash. should i buy a house/ condo? or is there a housing crash coming?
Good book for novices?
I'm over the Trad IRA deduction limit &amp; MFJ. Trad or Roth IRA for wife?
I'm stuck... Should I keep working a shitty minimum wage job and pay off my 20k loans from cosmetology school asap, or go back to school for Computer Science and and pay the bulk of all my loans off later? Please help :(
When/how to re-enter the market?
I just put $5500 into an IRA, then realized that I don't qualify for the deduction because I also have a 401k. Can I pull the money back out without any penalties?
Not sure if this is the best place to post this, but I am about to turn 21 and will be transferring to an out of state college, I do not have a credit card but my parents want me to get one. I get offers in the mail, but should I take those? Where would you guys suggest I apply for one?
I live with my father and he has repossessions coming after him. How do i ensure that they don't take my stuff?
Should I be contributing to my retirement accounts at all?
Are the Bank of America Finance Videos Good?
If I don't meet my medical deductible each year, am I on the right plan?
What's a surefire way to have stable savings? (UK)
Why would someone making $250k choose a Roth over a Trad IRA?
Do I need renter's insurance if we are staying with my inlaws for a year?
F**k Ryanair, has anyone successfully cancelled a damn flight with them? $500 that I'm damn sure I bought insurance on but can't cancel...
Student Loan Debt: What would You Do?
Do limits on Roth IRA contributions and Roth Option TSP contributions coincide?
what does personalfinance think about 80/10/10 loans to avoid PMI without 20% down?
Student, trying to purchase a used car under $3000 under 110k. Anything I should be looking out for?
Mint.com users, what do you use to determine if you've spent more then gained? Chart does not seem accurate.
Switching jobs, can't start 401k at new job for a year. What can I roll over into?
Question related to NUA tax treatment. Is this an unusual cost basis?
Why retire rich? What's the appeal of retiring a millionaire?
Mom saved up $10,000 to hide from my Dad, but can't make a secret savings account because it'll mess up my financial aid?
I just learned my employer doesn't match my 401k. I just created the account so it has $0 so far. What do I do?
Is it Possible to Negotiate Interest Rate With SOFI After Being Approved?
Does anyone use Betterment? What do you think?
Is investing strictly in the S&amp;P500 companies a bad idea?
Contract Cancelations, yes or no? (CAN)
What's the best way to pay lawyer fees?
How much should I spend on a car?
On the hook for 2 apartment leases starting in 2015, what to do?
My brother and I recently learned our parents have been withholding student loans from us and not making payments for years now. What should we do?
Can anyone help/advice about unemployment question in (CA)?
Finance Podcasts - Worth a Listen?
Can someone confirm this?
Thoughts on the new "myRA" retirement account?
I just completed an IRS OIC (offer in compromise) and have been repairing my credit. What's the fastest way to build credit without going into debt. GOAL: purchase a house - stop paying rent - save for retirement. Where should the money go?
If you had one piece of advice for a new college graduate, what would it be?
Hypothetically, you are an 18-year-old living in America with a high school degree. All you own is a motorcycle, clothes and hygiene etc., and $5000. How do you get as rich as possible?
My Fiance is afraid of nearly all bank related products. How do I change his mind?
Reg/ROTH 401k percentage needed to max out 401k?
Maximize tax return for working couple with new baby?
First time car-buyer; all cash saved; what next?
Need new car with bad credit, good direction to fix it?
What's considered a respectable conventional mortgage loan percentage right now?
(Xpost /r/IRS): I am a US and AU citizen living in AU. Would someone be so kind to advise me on Foreign Earned Income Exclusion?
Self-Employed. What to do with my money?
Do you have to make 401k contributions immediately during that pay period, or can you contribute whenever you want?
College Graduate looking to start using his money for something other than alcohol. Any suggestions to start off right?
Can I get a budget review and suggestions?
Should I change jobs after a year and a half for 25% raise?
What if I won't be at my company for several years and I want to start a 401k, then what?
I am a low-income college student. Can I buy camera equipment I can't afford if it has great resale value?
$7k in income total next year. Can I max Roth IRA and contribute to Roth 401(k)?
Personal loan to pay off credit card with high APR?
Anyone have experience with Robinhood?
Weird Online Job? Not sure if legitimate
Open a 529 for myself, fund it, and immediately withdraw contributions to reduce taxable income? [WI]
Does buying a house make sense in this situation?
How should I pay for the last 2 years of college?
What if you open a Roth IRA and then can't make contributions to it? Several questions.
What are some good budgeting software you are using?
If we don't have a lot of assets, is it worth going for a fee-only financial advisor?
How can I re-enter the engineering field after 2 year sabbatical as a carpenter?
What counts as "income" when you're an independent contractor?
Are we expected to give the weekly house-cleaner a cash bonus?
Should I max out my 401k contributions or just contribute up to my company match and invest the rest in another way?
Is it better to trade in a car or sell a used car and use that money toward buying a car?
Uncle Sam is loving me too much. How do I get myself out of debt while shoving Sam away? Go to school or not? Increase pretax or cut out OT? Feel I'm about to drown in a debt cesspool.
Graduate this year or next?
What one simple question would you ask someone when trying to determine if they are financially responsible or not?
Student here, How exactly do I pay taxes?
What banks have good interest rates for car loans? My sister has 2.66% APR with Chase Bank. What do you guys recommend?
What mutual fund has the best MER(Canada?)
I inherited land and I want to take care of it. How do I go about that?
Company Not Paying Employee Contributions To 401K Or Matches, Illegal?
I just accepted a job 2500 miles away. Paying 2 1/2x what I'm currently being paid. Where do I start?!
I have a collection on my credit report that is a few months from the "7 years and it's gone" rule. Just how does that work?
What do you drive and how much do you make?
Am I in the right path?...
I understand that I can open an IRA for the previous year and make contributions to it until April. Is this the case for any other investments?
Survey: what do you use to track your personal finances?
Where to invest my emergency fund and other savings?
"Gift" from a business partner taxable?
Company doesn't match 401k. Should I save in the bank/Roth IRA or start a 401k?
Expected raise?
Single guy overseas, If I were to die tomorrow, how do I make it as easy as possible for my parents/beneficiaries get access to everything?
Is it essential I have owner's insurance on a rented condo? What about an owned one?
Good rewards cards?
What do you drive, what do you do and how much you make?
Assist me with my Bill Paying spreadsheet?
My friend offered to split a mortgage 50/50 while I live in the house, is it too good to be true or a bad idea?
Im 18 and ive come across 250k.. help?
Is there a way to make Mint count my ATM withdrawals not as duplicates?
What are the best investment accounts for young people?
Rule of thumb for buying a car?
Transferring CAD to US account. Or does any US bank accept Canadian deposits? (Canada)
Is penalty for withdrawals from IRA dependent upon one's income?
Student here, how should I budget my money? (CA)
Not getting paid before Christmas?
Anyone in Boston? I have one free book "Your Money or Your Life", if someone would like it.
As a homeowner, I am confused how home ownership is an investment. Please help explain?
How many of you on PF actually have a monthly Christmas Budget?
Should I get a CU savings account or should I open an account with Chase?
I just received my W-2 from 2008. I haven't filed taxes since then as I have been making under 12k a year since then. Am I missing out on a substantial tax return?
Best way to obtain credit?
Am I justified in asking for a raise?
What do you younger folks do and where do you expect to go (younger than 30)?
Is there a program (not a phone app) that will help me manage my money as a taxi driver? Gas, tips, fares, mileage, etc
Best US checking accounts without foreign transaction fees?
Invest in 401k or Roth IRA? (Special Circumstance)
What do you think of Wise Banyan?
How old are you, what do you do for a living, what do you earn, and what car do you own?
Should checking your credit score be free?
Bank accused me of empty envelope deposit? (CA)
Where to put money as a minor with bad parents?
Negotiating new job and leaving Restricted Stock Options?
Payoff SLs or save for house?
Thoughts on calculating annual savings rate?
What is a great way to celebrate paying off student debt?
What type of car should I be looking for as an 18 year old soon-to-be college student?
Financing for windows for home, told me to lie to lender, this right? (repost from PFCanada)
22 with large amounts of school loans to pay off and 2.8K in savings. Where to start?
Thoughts on using credit cards as emergency funds, a la Mr. Money Mustache?
Should I rent or buy my next apartment? (DK)
With 2015 around the corner...What is your biggest financial goal you want to achieve in the new year? And how will you do it?
If i have a healthy investing account, how much cash do I REALLY need in an emergency fund?
As a soon to be college grad, I'm thinking of getting a credit card and building my credit. What are the best options?
Online Purchasing problem, ended up paying less for what I received. What do I do?
How do I pay off credit card debt when I live in another country?
Can't afford my rent and have to move out, advice?
[Misc Advice](CA) What can I do as a teenager to establish a healthy financial future?
I always see this sub praising CompSci degrees as a stable, lucrative career. I'm 33, should I go back to school for this?
How do you track future, non-recurring expenses?
How do I contribute to my IRA for 2015 on January 2nd?
19 year old second year college student planning on living off campus next year (Fall 2015) Never rented an apartment. What should I know?
I'm going to college soon, but I also never want to retire. How should I invest my money?
My mother is racking up tremendous debt before she dies... for me!?
How to split up savings between 401k and savings account (after maxing out Roth IRA and employer match)?
My annual salary is 85000, how much should I spend on rent? I'm currently looking at apartments between 1250 - 1550 per month.
Got a bunch of giftcards this christmas, is there a way to turn them into cash?
Concerned about ID theft - is there anything I can do?
Help? $2500 in savings and no idea what the future holds or what I should do.
How to best Dispute this Collection to Improve Credit? (US)
Do I Close Out 401k?
Is to late to get 8 years of tax refunds?(CAN)
What's the difference between 401(a), 403(b), and 457?
What do you do if you have an emergency while you're still building your emergency fund?
Thinking about dropping a Roth IRA fund that I paid a load on - worth it?
Using medical payment for other bills?
Housing options for those with poor credit?
I have $10,000 to use to buy a car in six months. Should I buy a short-term investment, or just stick it in savings?
pay cash for a rental property, or just pay the down payment and invest the remainder in the market?
Contractor work, best way to plan for retirement?
Are Roth IRA contributions "net" or cumulative?
Sell off my mutual funds and do an ETF instead?
Paying off Car Loan Early?
How to calculate or quantify early payments on your mortgage?
Should I convert $ from Roth IRA to Traditional IRA in order to get a larger Tax Saver's Credit?
Pay off student loans or keep the cash on hand?
I have a profession that allows me to get a job literally anywhere in the world. Where should I go?
First year of conscious PF and I'm hooked. When do you decide it's time to withdraw?
Best way to restructure/payoff this debt?
What to do with a new-ish car I no longer need?
[Auto] I want to take ownership of a family car that still has payments left on it, can anyone walk me through the process?
I have a Tax question to those Tax savvy redditors out there about how much tax or what kind of tax will i get hit with in my current position?
Relative says credit can be scored by the way things are paid off?
Last minute change in my situation leaving me panicked... any help?
[serious] are there savvy ways to lower my AGI?
How can I help my 35-year-old friend salvage his finances?
Should I declare Chapter 7? Really need some help here, could be facing jail time!
How can I better keep track of my spending in a day?
Dad wants to use $50k of inheritance to pay off my debts. What about taxes?
Help - Premium bonds (UK) Are they worth it? Looking to invest some of my Christmas money!
Have SG$100,000 university fund, what should I do? (SG)
Is something wrong with my paycheck?
What is my "adjusted" salary?
How to best budget and track for expenses that cost extra money upfront, but don't save money until later? And other non-monthly costs
Too soon to look for a new job?
Company wrongfully with holding non-payroll tax?
Should I keep my 401k in all US stocks/bonds?
Should I enroll in the Employee Stock Purchase Program at my work?
Jobs like Uber/Lyft that i can do in my free time to supplement my income?
Immigrants (US): How did you get established without credit history?
Possible to rent on minimum wage? (UK)
Looking to get a home equity loan or line of credit in about two years? Any of you have any advice on which to get and the best way to stay afloat?
Should I open a Roth IRA? Where should I open it?
Curious: Do you take your 401k and/or IRA contributions into account when determining how many % of your income you're saving?
Are there legit credit counselors?
What to do with a small inheritance over a short period of time?
In a small business (LLC Partnership), how do you legally pay yourself?
We got news my husband is inheriting ~100k, whats next?
How do you guys budget going out/drinking?
Disputed transaction on AMEX, got threatened with collections. What should I do?
What's my take home pay?
My friend is about to get kicked out of college because he can't get new loans. I just learned my credit score is over 700. Can/should I cosign for him?
I have repeatedly been denied for a Charles Schwab checking account. It is (was?) supposed to be the final piece of my personal finance system.
Vanguard sent "Verizon Communications corporate reorganization" letter to me. Before I call them, does anyone know what this is?
Deducting cost of U-Haul for charitable donations?
How do you have your bank accounts arranged? Also looking for some general spending advice?
Is the Sallie Mae smartloan at 8% a good idea? My community college doesn't participate in Federal Loans.
Help? I kind of know what I'm doing wrong but I can't seem to fix it.
How to get out of that "I'm already spending X, what's another $50" state?
What are some cities that have low living costs and high salaries for software engineers?
Parents don't want me to get a credit card. Should I listen?
Pay down debt or save for a higher downpayment?
Debit card payment usually process near-instantly, why are mine "processing" for hours now?
How do I encourage my SO to save and invest his money?
Unfair/illegal medical bills. What do I do?
Too good to be true? Renting a new apartment.
What bonds should I invest in to hedge my equity risk? What is a bond index fund? Is it more or less risky than just investing in bonds themselves? (UK)
Saving for Grad School in 1.5 years, what's the best place for my money?
How do people who work as employees of companies buy houses? [details inside]
How does my budget look?
Can I get feedback on my savings strategy?
How to get rich at a younger age so you can actually enjoy your riches?
20 and wondering what to do, and when to open a fund?
Need Advice: Increase Credit Line or Open New Card?
Smart investment ideas?
How Will a Business Credit Card Affect Me?
When should I sell off my mutual fund? (USA)
Convincing my mom to retire sooner than later?
Difference between IRA and just investing in a brokerage account (besides taxes)?
My mechanic neighbor has shared his car-buying strategy with me. What are your thoughts?
Index Funds (Small Cap worth it?, International Growth and Emerging Markets or Total International Stock Funds?)
First Job at 26. What mistakes have you made that I can avoid?
Building a Credit Score?
How to get a car loan, when you only have an online checking account?
Should someone at 28 not married get a life or long term insurance?
What is the Bank for Me?
How to get a loan for college?
Why is it that collections from something like you light bill show up on your credit report but your timely payments to them do not?
Living trust?
How much do you really spend on food/entertainment per month?
What is involved in owning a woodlot? Generally or specific to Ontario Canada. [Investment]
Which Balance Transfer?
FAFSA is next week, but it looks like IRA contributions don't help? Any tips to increase federal student aid?
Refinance home?
Does anyone have experience buying and living in a multifamily home?
Is 5k too little to invest?
Extra payments on student loans -- am I doing it right?
Company cashed out my 401(k). What do I need to do? [US]
How do I invest? I want to make money for my future.
What do I do with the money I am making in college?
Newly single with decent income, but I own a house with very little equity. Keep or sell?
Where is a safe place for somebody in their 70's to invest 100k?
My(23f) little sister(18f)'s first choice college will cost her over 250k. I vetoed it and whole family is mad at me. Am I in the wrong? Need actual financial insight
What factors should be considered in buying vs leasing a car?
How to go about paying your mortgage biweekly?
Recommendations on books or posts thoroughly explaining the whole IRA Roth account and all that goes with it?
What's a good book on starting business?
I start my first "real" job out of college in two weeks. Could you guys critique my financial goals for 2015? Any advice is welcome. [x-post from r/financialindependence]
How to Best Help In-Laws?
College student with a small business--what can I deduct?
18 M wanting to invest a small amount (roughly $100) to build up savings. Where to start?
How much do you save (as a % of income)?
If I'm not planning to stay at my company long-term, is it better to invest outside the 401k they offer?
I (26/m) make $49,000/year - no debts - single - save approx $1,600/month. What to do? (SE)
Consolidate debt to a personal loan or new credit card?
Cancelling my oldest line of credit, how bad of an idea is it?
Is it OK for me to close some credit card accounts?
Me(M24) taking out school debt. Have a good amount saved. How should I approach the debt?
My dad is convinced the government is going to take all our 401ks to pay for national debt someday soon. I've done some research to convince myself that they won't, but he doesn't believe me. Does anyone know exactly why this is unconstitutional and impossible?
Moved money from Roth IRA to brokerage account, what tax stuff do I have to do?
Should we file jointly or separately when we have student loans?
Going from a 6 figure job to no income at 27, anything I am missing?
(Peru) How i farm better midle with pudge?
Getting a new credit card before applying for a mortgage?
How to break the "need education to make money, need money to purchase education" cycle?
How to convince myself not to buy a newer or "safer" car?
What is the best way to gain extra income with a steady job?
Investing in a condo to use as a rental property... should we in our current financial situation?
Which bank should I use as someone who has just turned 18?
401k Rollover - Too late for this tax year?
3 people bought a apartment together. How to split when selling?
How would you guys rate my personal finance situation? I'll keep it really simple, and short!
Looking for a condo on craigslist, how sketchy is their response?
Earned large bonus with possiblu of clawback, savings?
What should I do with a sudden, large gift of $25,000 from my parents?
Most of the advice here is for people who will have lives worth living after 62. What about people with diseases/syndromes whose lifespan is shorter? Should they even bother with retirement accounts? Does the advice completely change?
Plan to move out on small budget. What programs or advice can I get for help?
What was your best investment?
Can I invest monetary gifts into a Roth IRA tax free?
How do I make my wife take responsibility for her premarriage debt without ruining my marriage? I don't think I should subsidize her earlier lifestyle, but she can't afford her payments.
Service to review 401k and advice on where to invest long term?
Dependent college student just got disowned... where to start?
[Question] I have a credit score with no prior credit?
Financial Idiot Needs Help: How can I take a small amount of money every month and make it a larger amount of money?
How is Discover Bank? What has your experience with them been?
Should we marry? $0 EFC (FAFSA). Upper middle class fiancé.
When to start on student loans?
Just graduated and need a car for my job. Do I buy a cheap car for cash or put it down for a nicer vehicle?
26 years old, fully employed, married. Grandmother left me $15k what do I do with it?
Just how wrong is Mint's investment tracking?
Any advice for a 17-year-old male to make some cash?
(UK) What is the difference between an ISA and a savings account?
I have no degree, a dead-end job, and a baby on the way. How do I get my life together for the sake of my daughter?
Traditional or Roth 401k. Which one?
Never had a savings account before, how do I invest? (UK)
How do I climb out of debt, repair my credit, set myself up for retirement? (M/24)
Single mother feels stuck. Advice?
Does anyone else use a Wells Fargo credit card? I click my credit account and it says no payment is due. Next due date not scheduled. How close to the due date will it tell me when to pay by?
I just had a financial scare and my mother suggested getting a credit card to use for emergencies. I've never owned one before and historically I'm not great with money (my 2015 resolution is to get my finances in order). So what kind of credit card would be good, if any?
How does a 23yo male with an alright job and poor credit raise his credit score?
My Dad set me up with a Fidelity Investment account and added money into the account. Where can I start to learn the game of stock investments?
What is the general rule of thumb in terms of the amount of insurance coverage needed for the average person, in terms of disability/medical/life? And index funds seems to be the most reliable long term passive investment?
(US) Need money and Bad Credit?
Moving 4,500km across Canada with no job, no wife, no family or friends with only $5000. Am I crazy?
Should I add my wife as an owner of my house on the property title or leave it to her in my will ?
How much do you spend on "going out" per month?
I'd like to sell some stock and use the proceeds to fund my Roth for the year…good idea?
Remaining $11,000 student loan at 2.55% effective floating interest rate - Pay off quickly or slowly?
Any advice for finding a personal accountant?
How do I find the value-weighted market portfolio?
Construction loan without 20% down? (x-post from r/mortgages)
Whats your favorite salary calculator?
Take a Training From Click-bank University For Extra earnings?
I won a new car! How can I sell it and get the most money?
What's the best way to make my auto loan payment?
15 and getting first bank account, what suggestions do you have for a bank?
Tips for a girlfriend(23) who is bad with money?
I'm graduating in May and I'm wondering if there's any app, program, book, article, etc. that can help me develop my first real budget. Any suggestions?
22 year old college graduate looking to be smart with money. Advice?
UK people, I Have £5k which i don't need right now, where should i put it?
People in relationships, do you spend more money now than when you were single?
Question for Quicken users - Is Premium worth the upgrade for me?
Closing a credit card almost instantly, after opening it... Does that hurt your credit?
I will be starting medical school in the fall and know very little about personal finance, what's the best way to learn?
As an 18 year-old college student with few expenses making about $70 a week, what advice do you have as far as saving/investing it?
Can someone help me quickly with an estate check?
What is a good book to read as someone who knows nothing about investing in the stock market?
How should I diversify?
If retiring before 60, should you contribute to 401k?
Is there a term to describe the point at which the value of a car exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the loan that was used to purchase it?
Is American Funds good/bad for retirement and what is good or bad about it?
Should I close a Lowe's credit card I never plan on using again?
Been refining a personal finance spreadsheet for a year. What do you think?
When should I start worrying about credit utilization?
What are your financial goals for 2015?
How will taxes work if I never got my paycheck?
Does closing a line of credit hurt credit score?
Pay off large portion of CC debt or pay off car?
Possibly moving from the States to England what do I do with my 401(k)?
As a Canadian beneficiary of an American estate, do I owe taxes to the IRS?
How much auto insurance do I actually need as an 18 year old student?
Transferred Roth IRA from Etrade to Vanguard. Now what?
House or Student Loan Repayment?
Deathly afraid of student loans. Am I too worried?
Am I doing it right?
19/m basically on my own (financial wise), DACA immigration status - not eligible for financial aid or most gvt help, can't join any armed forces, what do i do?
Currently maxing out my employer's matching fund with room to spare. Want to save more. Why should I start an IRA rather than continue to contribute to my company's 401k?
What is wrong with long mortgages?
I'm 23, married, we just paid off our cars, no debt, and have a surplus of $3000. What should we do?
Last day to Open a Roth IRA for 2014?
Moving money from EJ to Vanguard -- when to do it?
Long-term saving for a home downpayment. Savings account, brokerage account, or what (e.g. Roth IRA)?
College student here - I had a check stolen and cashed for more than my checking account. What do I do?
Am I on track for success? 19 year old
2013 Federal and Local Taxes Rejected (bad PIN), Forgot to Re-file, now what?
Help with Budget! 23, graduating college, am I on the right track?
(Budgeting) I need help balancing a budget: Can any one help me look over the expenses/income to help make ends meet?
What is the lump sum value of my pension? I need to decide if i should leave my job
About to turn 18, how do I start a line of credit?
Is this fraud? Need some advice.
Is their any benefits for having a checking account and a credit card from the same company?
How to increase salary? Study more? Look for another job?
SoFi variable rate loan--worth consolidating?
Generally file my own taxes, should I opt for a CPA next year?
Rocky road with the envelope system and multiple paychecks - advice, please?
How do I convince my cousin not to open a credit card account with 22% interest? He wants to rebuild his credit.
Roth 401(K) Question. Am I losing out on the companies match? Information in text.
Is there any benefit to having a long banking history with a single institution?
(UK) I'm looking for an app I can use to track my daily/weekly/monthly expenses and that I can use to help budget. Any recommendations?
I am a 18 year old boy from Germany and I earn 250€ each month, how can I get a credit of 1000€?
Full Time Student/Full Time Worker in the UK How Do I Start Building Savings?
Struggling to build up financial stability in Germany - I feel threatened by what's coming with the situation in Greece. What can or should I do?
Is Mint the best option?
Employer matches all 401k contributions 100%. Should I go for maximum personal contribution?
How can I reduce the interest on my private student loans?
Do you have a sinking fund for your car and if so do you invest it?
Now that corporations are "people", could one incorporate and feasibly initiate a Roth IRA?
Paid off student loans, now what?
I bonds for baby's future: should parents own them or the child for tax purposes?
Will changing marital status hurt or help my student loans?
If I am paying ahead on a student loan, does the interest accrue from the old principle or the new principle?
Anyone with experience with Charles Schwab high yield checking account or Ally online banking?
If you've got a working car, does it ever make sense to sell it while it still has some value?
What is the best way for a teenager to start saving for the future?
Is anyone here financially planning for the automation of most jobs? What do you plan to do?
Going for the 3 fund strategy with a 401k, Roth and taxable account. Is it possible to reallocate things this drastically?
Stuck with class B shares with a high expense ratio. Should I sell and eat the back-end load or wait?
22-year-old student with medical debt (~$4k) that went to collections in March 2013. Need help/advice on how to deal with this?
Citi card transaction notification?
How do I save money?!
Pay OSAP (student loan) off with Line of Credit at staff rate? or just keep student loan and make payments
Just put ~$500 across two high interest Credit Cards. Should I pay them off just before their due date, or sooner?
I give my SO less than $14K/year to use for our housing expenses. Can we treat this as a gift or should it be considered as rent?
Should I pay off my car loan now or wait?
Refinancing my home - who should I use?
Is there a "golden ratio" of spending when moving in on you own for the first time?
Employment rights - do I have any?
At what point is the "nuclear option" of abandoning all debt my moving to another country viable? And how could you realistically do it?
What are the expected expenses of living in an apartment in college?
Quit a lucrative "career" I hate for an unknown future?
Should I stop contributing to my 401(k) and completely pay off my student loans?
How did/do you approach your marriage from a financial standpoint?
Best tax software?
Whats your banking, saving and investing setup?
What happens if I invest 10k into a Vangaurd Admiral Fund and it decreases to $9,999? Does it lose admiral status?
Will taking free skill classes from the library help me get a higher paying job?
Should I roll-over my previous employer 401k to an IRA, what are the benifits/cons?
Worth it to file tax return on net loss?
Leasing an Apartment. What should I look for in a contract? Any negotiating advice?
I just won nearly $43,000 and have always lived paycheck to paycheck with student loans, any suggestions?
[Housing] What is my best option for a mortgage?? I have a unique situation.
Inheritance Annuity or other vehicle?
married couples finance resources? also, is there a subreddit for such things?
Is it wrong or ill advised to ask for more money at my "new" job?
My small business just made it's first $100, and I want to start an account for it. What are my best options ?
Leaving a hourly paid job for a salary + commission job?
Should I use a home equity loan or LOC to buy a car?
Should I open my own IRA or use Roth 401k?
From FAQ: Why max out the Roth IRA before a taxable brokerage account?... and other questions.
Part-time law student here, one semester left before graduation. Advice needed: borrow $20K in Stafford loans and invest it?
How do I handle this freelance payment and Unemployment Benefits?
Best banking options for my situation?
Anyone care to comment on this from the CreditKarma AMA? I was under the impression that CK only provides a FAKO score.
At what value do you need to start investing in things aside from mutual funds?
What are some things I can do as student (with no debt) to achieve financial success?
Do auto loans with delayed interest exist? Car is dying and I need to get it replaced and I expect to receive some inheritance in 18 to 36 months.
How do you and your spouse save for retirement?
Does a Vanguard Roth IRA require regular contributions, or have a per contribution minimum?
Reducing Debt - Is Consolidation Ever Worth It?
Have ~$1000 in EE bonds from 1988 - should I cash them in or save them?
Any recommended amortization calculators?
Car Buying. Last days of Dec or First days of Jan?
Do the free annual credit reports reset on the 1st of January?
Should I Use IRA Funds to Pay Off Student Loan?
How do I ask for a raise when I didn't hit my target?
About to finish graduate school, how to prioritize repayment and saving for the future?
Have shares in a company that went public last year - how best to make use of them?
Portfolio allocation: One global target vs. separate targets per account type?
Should I switch debt management company ? (UK)
Paid off my car loan earlier this month via ACH. Lender released lien but never took the cash?!
Need student loans but can't borrow money from the government (FAFSA). What options do I have?
Just married - Do I need to do anything for my wife to inherit my property if I die? (Texas, US)
Convert Roth IRA to Roth 401k?
My employer didnt take state or federal taxes out of my paychecks all year. Wednesday is the last of the year. Should I pay in as much as I can to avoid penalties or just wait?
I'm 26, have 25k, no debt/loans, what do I invest in?
I have £450ish to put into paying off £2950 of debt split across 3 cards - what should I do?
How much is reasonable for a new car?
Are there programs or scholarships to pay back student loans for people that have already graduated?
Employer changing our employee status FROM salary TO hourly for 2015. Am I getting screwed?
Should I ask for a raise? If so, how much? Completing first full year of management and a Masters degree.
I need a car and I'm wondering what would be better to do lease or own? I make around 24k a year.
100K to invest for my parents who are 58 y/o. What should I do?
When does life experience and fun become more important than financial goals?
End of the year in a couple days... I'm a 1099 guy with no clue. Do I need to do anything before Jan 1? Like open an IRA? Or can this be done before April 15th next year and still get a tax break?
How do I reclaim withheld money from my brokerage? I filed W8BEN previously, but I'm now a US resident
Need Help, how much is reasonable for a "new" car?
Is there an app like Mint that's available in Australia?
Is this income?
New to budgeting: Have the motivation, but I've never done it before. Any tips?
How to contact company about a balance I've never had before?
Should I quit the my job at a web firm to take a paycut and instead receive 10% in ownership working at a separate company that resales auto parts?
Mother received a money transfer from her sister, are taxes owed on the money?
Good salary, no savings and no 401k matching - best option?
[NEED ADVICE] How would you go about fixing a car debt with $7k of negative-equity? Or am I just screwed?
Outside of education, how would a teenager benefit most from a few thousand dollars a year?
How to choose a financial advisor?
Need advice: saving for a house. In the meantime do I stay in bad apartments that are too expensive or pay the ridiculous amount of money to move to a new (cheaper) place for a year or so while we save?
23M, $58G salary, $29G student loans. Save up or pay off student debt?
When do you know your financially able to retire?
Saving for retirement in graduate school: is it doable, and is it worth it?
Is there an online course in which I can learn personal finance?
How can I check security if I think someone is trying to steal my identity?
[Auto] [Retirement] Does it make sense to skip paying off my auto loan early?
Multiple credit card accounts with a zero balance - what should I do?
Does anyone know where to find a mentor, or how to?
How does /r/personalfinance feel about DRiP's? Should I keep investing in them? (stock market Q's)
I consider myself to be in a good financial position. Where should I allocate the extra money I have each month?
Contributing to your Roth IRA with money from a 401(k) loan?
What do I need to know before switching from brokered IRA to Vanguard?
Lifetime learning credit tax?
I should move money from credit union, but I am a low risk investor. What would be better?
I sold my car for $3000. Which debt should I pay off with the money?
Just finished with debt...now what?
How can I easily convert a recently acquired custodial account to a Roth IRA?
How heavily does medical debt weigh in on credit score/car application?
Digging out of debt - Are balance transfers a good idea?
recently married - how should we file?
Is it worth it signing up for a credit card to get the $200 + free 1 year Amazon Prime, and then probably cancel 15 months later?
Redditors of PF, How much do you make per year, and how much are you able to save monthly?
Saving for Child's Education - 529 or Something Else?
What have you learned about personal finance this year?
Will I pay capital gains tax after selling rental property?
can someone please explain a certificate of deposit? or suggest an alternative
How to find a job overseas for a Turkish lawyer?
What to do with my 401k?
First time home owner - tax refund?
How much of a rainy day fund should a recent graduate have?
403-b/401-k contribution year - reference?
Advice for a young person about to receive an inheritance?
I'm looking for advice on which debt to pay down first. Mortgage or auto loan?
Can you negotiate the price of a vehicle if you plan on leasing it?
Has anyone used a fuel bank / prepaid gasoline program?
Year end financial checkup. What next?
I think I screwed up. Because of my DependantCare FSA elections, is it impossible for me to file "Married Filing Separately" this year?
Should I create an LLC for my rental properties in Florida?
How to contact your local IRS office? Statement of Earnings needed.
When should you refinance?
How do I optimally diversify my 401k funds?
In a few years, I'd love to open my own bakery. What can I do to begin preparing financially?
How to convince wife to let me (or at least a tax preparation program) to do our taxes this year?
Could I be liable for a parent's student loan debt?
Wage garnishment completed will it fall of my credit report soon?
Car Insurance - Am I doing it right?
I need to move - should I buy a house?
First time moving out, can I afford?
YNAB: Living off last month's paycheck?
Tax tips for 2015?
Do you set personal finance resolutions?
Won $500 from a lotto scratcher. What to do with it?
Should I sell my stock to pay off my student loans?
When is it ok to take out a car loan?
New job reimburses hotel stays, would like to build credit with credit card. However, less than good credit due to student loans. Is it possible?
Good daily reads... sites, blogs, magazines?
Insurance Premium for a Family of Four: $3,300/month. Am I Crazy?
Surprise promotion, and significant raise - where to best use it?
[22/F] - So PF, am I "adulting" properly with my finances? Could use some feedback!
My next move? (UK)
Is it better to do a balance transfer on credit card debt or to use a debt consolidation service?
Thinking about a $7K debt consolidation loan from LendingClub. Are they reputable?
What to do with $10K saved in a Principal Retirement account?
Greedy Imp (Savings App) - Something people in this subreddit might enjoy?
(CA)Been moved out for 5 months, already struggling-How do I budget what little I have?
Should I sell my (long term) stocks to realize a gain in a lower tax bracket before I start my career?
Gave my 2+ weeks notice yesterday, employer is canceling bonus from my paycheck tomorrow. Is there anything I can do?
Can I afford a $150,000 house on a $35,000 yr salary?
Vanguard investments, which fund to put RothIRA in to?
Landlord gives my friend the runaround; how are checks deposited? (NJ)
Thinking of getting a car. What would the costs be?
Newbie Question: Sell RSU grants to pay off debt? (I read the FAQ and sidebars and can't find this specific question)
If I have both traditional and Roth 401(k)s is there any point in starting an IRA until I have my 401(k) contributions maxed to $18000?
Made last payment on $60k of loans! Feels good. But should I invest or save for grad school?
Hey reddit, what is the best way to negotiate a certified preowned vehicle?
Should I refinance now or wait a couple months to save money at the closing table? [x-post /r/RealEstate**]
Anyone recommend a service or company to help me re-establish my credit?
How quickly can I expect to build credit?
Any last minute tips for 2014 tax wise?
Collection agency trying to collect apartment "damages." Does it make sense to fight with the apartment management at this point?
Does my participation in my company's Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) disqualify me from taking advantage of a Traditional IRA's tax deductions?
As a student and a full-time employee, what school related expenses am I able to right off on my taxes?
Weird tax situation - do I need to hire someone to help?
Automatic true-up to IRS 401(k) contribution limit at year-end?
Are my rent and utilities payments to a university-owned apartment complex qualified educational expenditures?
I checked my free credit report last night for the first time in my life-- expecting to have 0 credit because I have never had a credit card. Found an outstanding $1001 in collections from a credit card account I never opened... What do I do?
"Well off" redditors how do you stop yourself from spending money?
Clearing out my filing cabinet: What to keep and what to toss?
What is your opinions on having multiple checking or savings accounts earmarked for certain things?
How should I go about getting dental care? England or USA.
Stocks 101?
I came into some money and attempted to pay off my credit card debt in one transaction, but it won't let me?
Refinancing. Fixed rate or variable rate?
Bought a house with fiancée, how should we file taxes?
Has anyone opened a myRA account?
Just saw Experian is now using FICO with their credit memberships... says it's FICO 8 and that banks may be using a different one. How does 8 compare to what the banks are using?
Have you guys heard of AirBnb? Would it be a bad idea to buy a house with assumption that I could help pay off the mortgage using airbnb?
Is now a bad time to invest my Roth IRA in the stock market?
Credit Score Recovery time?
Recommended company to start Roth IRA?
What is a reasonable (or unreasonable) expense ratio?
I didn't file my taxes in 2013. 20 years old, I work full time. How do go about correcting my mistake?
Lower rate and remove monthly PMI with LPMI loan; a no brainer?
Changing family finances. So confused. Shine a light for a brother?
How much to contribute to 403b to lower tax bracket?
EILI5:How do you make money in an IRA account if it isn't linked to a brokerage account?
New job making $80,000, no debt, 30k in savings, now what do I do?
Job or school?
Paying monthly on a home equity line. What does "Repayment Period Begins" mean?
Debit vs prepaid cards? Help a finance noob.
Since oil is becoming so cheap, what oil stocks would be good to invest in right now?
Should I convert my old 401k's in to annuities or IRAs?
How do I go about leveraging one job offer to snag an offer from another company?
Include non-working spouse on mortgage pre-approval?
You all helped the guy that needed to get his life in order for his daughter.. What kind of advice do you have for a 30 year old making 60k?
Just got married, how should I file 2014 taxes?
How much money is reasonable for personal spending?
Better pay down debt or invest?
Personal accounts vs institutional accounts for funds like Fidelity, Vanguard, American fund?
How does pf feel about saving for college?
Implications of a financial windfall?
(CA) Rental application asking for credit card numbers, but we're not applying! Is this legal?
Is percentage utilization specific to each credit card?
Getting married!! What should we know about finances?
Roth IRA or 457(b)?
How accurate is Glassdoor.com? My position at my employer is showing 30 entries with the lowest salary at $99k/year and the highest at $135k/year. I'm making $83k. Can I use this information to ask for a raise this year?
When do you decide to sell a house for financial reasons alone?
Am I being too worried or am is my situation not as bad as I'm making myself believe it is?
Buying Condo or House: What did I not consider?
How important is keeping track of your job dates? How bad are employment gaps?
Somewhere to put money where you can't use it until a certain date?
Is the Student Default Resolutions Group legitimate? I want to start paying asap
Does Chase Freedom accept students with no credit history?
Does it make sense to pay extra on mortgage?
Found out today that my income is about to more than double. How do I best utilize this brand new income flow?
College freshman - where should I invest? I will have money left over after maxing out my Roth IRA.
If I open an IRA would it be stupid to only put a small amount like $1000 a year in it? And question about IRA and being married.
Currently have a vanguard star fund (VGSTX) with $10k+ balance. Should I switch to VFIFX?
Can you suggest a budget for a single 33 year old? Info and wages below.
Moving to a new state. Could this actually help debt collectors?
Contacted today for the first time by a debt collector. Brand new to this. Could somebody double check my next steps and confirm I'm handling this properly?
What is a good rate of return for the year?
Should I use 401K loan to purchase home to avoid PMI?
How many transactions do you typically make per month?
Recent college grad- Making $35k, no debt, no benefits. How much should I have in my savings/checking account? Do I need a IRA?
People of Reddit who successfully have saved some money, what did you give up that you feel was essential?
If I change to a low/ regular deductible plan, can I keep my HSA? How does that work?
Quick opening &amp; closing of credit card - hurt score?
(California) If I pay a collections account immediately, does it still impact my credit?
Should I refinance my student loans?
Just started making my own money, how do I make the most out of it on a long term basis? (GER)
Should I pay more for rent in order to have my own room?
In plan roth 401k conversion above limit?
What are your 2015 New Year's Financial Resolutions?
Tax return mortgage tax deduction by adding my name to owners deed?
What do I pay first toward my student loan? Highest Dollar amount or Highest Interest Rate?
22 years old, $35,000 a year, about $1,000 a month in expendable income. How can I make my money/savings "work" for me?
Moved out of state a few months ago: which state do I file taxes in?
To buy a home or to pay down debt? (CA)
/r/PF - How do you consider unvested Stock Options when looking for a new job?
[Student Loan] Best way to tackle my Student Loans after 2015 Financial Goals are met?
Difference between "high balance" and credit utilization on credit report?
[Taxes] Should my husband and I file separately? Similar salaries, different assets.
When to start investing?
Just paid off my car, will need a "new" car within the next 6 or 7 months. What can I do now to plan ahead?
Traditional or Roth IRA for sister? Is my logic sound?
How many of you do your own taxes?
End of year review, help optimize debt payoff?
Should I roll over my IRA into a Roth this year?
Could you guys review my budget and see what else I could be doing?
Should I put money in an emergency fund or towards my student loan?
Is it appropriate to negotiate a yearly pay raise based upon increased responsibilities?
When can I contribute to an IRA?
What is the income (for the purposes of mortgage DTI) of an s-corp shareholder?
30 years old, No retirement fund started. What to do? 80k salary no benefits
Corp to Corp or 1099 self-employed?
[Help] Add more into emergency fund and utilize 3% checking account or continue to put it into vanguard?
Just sold our house, pay down debt immediately, stagger payoff? Need to boost CR for next home purchase...
Freshman in college: What should I do with my scholarship money?
Stay at home dad wondering if I should return to work. Know of any good calculators to help with this? Or advice on my particular situation?
Energy costs when working from home?
Does health insurance have anything to do with filing taxes?
Debt sent to collections. Original creditor sent bills to the wrong address, so I never got them. Do I have any recourse?
Has anyone tried to pay 6mo+ of bills at one time rather than once a month? Any arguments against this?
What makes an unmatched 401k any better than your savings account?
How do I pay for 700 worth of textbooks I need to buy for next semester?
What do I do with my life?
Is this the best option for me? 5-Year Investment Plan
Dealing with a spouse who isn't willing to compromise on spending habits?
Advice about an inheritance?
Can I be someone's dependent and file a 1099?
U.S. taxes on returned European money lost in a Ponzi scheme?
Roth IRA or 403(b)?
How to prioritize an Employee Share program among 401k and Roth contributions?
When is the right time to buy the car of your dreams?
$5M net worth, 80% invested in property -- is this overly risky or unsustainable?
Just checking my free credit report, Bi-Monthly Credit Requests from Discover, What gives?
What are my options for student loans?
How can I get access to an account in my name?
Joint or Separate Accounts for Married Couples?
Buying a new house in the Spring, but also need to buy a new car. Should I wait on the car (if possible)?
Car leasers, why did you do it instead of financing a car?
Plan to handle student debt after I graduate in 3.5 years?
Best way to get student loans?
I just paid off one of my student loans in full. What now?
How quickly will my credit score build?
Is it better to pay off your cc balance before or after your statement closes?
Should I "park" extra emergency fund money in my Roth IRA, or use it for other stuff?
PF, I have 2 different companies calling me on a delinquent account. Is this legit?
Business expenses for 2014. Should I buy everything now to lower tax liability?
Managed Portfolio? Or No?
Is there a list of tax credits or deductions I should be aware of?
Anything I can do to make sure I am in good stead? (UK)
What would you be doing if you didn't have your student loan debt?
Beginning my financial management lifestyle…should I do anything differently?
YNAB vs Mint? Is one better/more useful than the other?
FDIC or SIPC? Which is better for a young investor?
As a realtor, what impact would buying a $20k car have on my taxes? 75% business use.
Could anyone suggest a good application for budgeting?
Young Finance?
Me and my girlfriend both have a lot of debt. We are both terrible with our finances are are just paying the minimums on most things. What's the best way for us to get in a position where we can actually start saving for a house from where we are at. Is debt consolidation an option?
I get paid rather infrequently in larger lump sums. What's the best way to use YNAB?
Is selling my car a good idea?
is one bureau used more than the other two and if so, which one?
My mom hasn't saved for retirement. What are her options?
What do I need to know about my salaried exempt position?
Finance management app/software that supports several currencies and connects to my accounts across the world?
Recent car accident. Car is totaled. How should I pay for a new car?
Getting a personal loan for second hand car? (AU)
Almost 28, still living in my parents house, should I move out?
New job and new gift trust. Now what?
What are my options? (NL)
How many of you already contributed the max to your Roth?
[AU] Repatriating, what to do with my savings?
Employment Advice: Old guy at work can't keep up with younger employees. Manager wants to fire him. Options?
Received Inheritance from Turkey, Should I move it? (CA)
Should I sell my investments to help build my emergency fund? (23/usa)
Why would anyone do a backdoor Roth IRA contribution?
2014 Financial Goals - accountability is motivating, did you achieve the goals you set for yourself?
(Hypothetically) When oil prices eventually spike to uncomfortable levels, what is likely to happen to investments?
(BE) Aren't you better off renting instead of buying a house 99% of the time?
Does it matter which Index I use as a benchmark?
What do I do with the money I've started saving? (MK/SL)
Thinking about building our next house... better to buy land and get construction loan, or get both at once?
How do I file taxes when all of my income has come from "some dude" over PayPal?
Advice on how to save money and remain debt free in a wasteful family?
Best way to find a "financial planner?" to advise husband and I on our 10 year financial plan?
Spouse buried in student loans, I'm debt free. How should we plan for the future?
So, how do you think I could go about getting myself out of this financial pickle?
My anonymous financial situation... Can I afford the car I want?
Left one job and started another, now have a health insurance break - how long is it allowed to be before a future claim could be rejected for "preexisting condition"?
How to help paying off PLUS loan? (Bad relationship with mother and family add-on)
[Someone Please Answer] High School Sophomore here, what are the chances I could go to college and not have to use a loan?
Should I be paying a little extra for my student loan payments, or should I be saving more?
Want to start 2015 off correctly. What software is best for DINK for year-long record keeping?
Best first credit card for a student studying abroad?
Using one credit card to pay for everything?
Is there any thing I should know before applying for a short term loan?
Is anyone else getting an error when signing up for FAFSA online?
Should I hold off on investing in International Stocks at the moment?
Budgeting with an extremely small income? High school Sophomore
Is it better to always completely pay off a credit card bill?
I think i need to do a backdoor Roth, but I've contributed my 5500 for 2014 - how to handle this &amp; Roth moving forward?
Is there anything you can do with expired checks?
Young and naive, I didn't file a tax return in 2011, and never dealt with it... Now I owe nearly $600. What do I do?
Didn't pay quarterly estimated taxes in 2014 . . . how bad did I screw up?
Mother (age 60) gives me $5k. What to do for her?
Separating investment contributions from Gains in Mint / PC?
What is some good advice about how to organize/deal with paper receipts?
Contribute to retirement account or lower student loans taken out?
Ready to set $25k aside for 3yo kid's future education. What's the best way to do it?
Annual Increase in Net Worth - How Much Is Good?
What happens to your health insurance if you lose your job?
Anyone know of a bank or website that can divide my accounts according to different goals?
Any reason not to pay off my student loans right now?
I Want to Buy The House I am Renting. Where Should I Start?
Am I eligible for Roth still?
Question on how to file my taxes this year?
Pay off debts or start investing?
Lost job with $25k saved. Advice?
Power bill goes up in winter, when nothing changes?
Do I need a Medallion Signature Guarantee to transfer my Roth IRA to Vanguard from American Funds?
Is 401k going to be around when its time for me to retire?
Paying off an auto loan TOO early?
401(k) and Roth IRA: all the same Vanguard Target Retirement Fund. Normal?
Why is it so painful to maintain debt for some people even when the interest rate is low?
Best Companion Credit Card to American Express BCP?
Should I leave some of my USD earnings in a US account when I go back to Canada, and if so how much?
How should I withhold when anticipating a bonus?
What are the benefits for a company to offer a 401k Match?
I'm 27, "jobless", and want to make a career change to be a financial planner (CFP). Is this doable for me? How can I gain "practical experience" now?
I have a kinda sorta dependent mother. Any tax advantages?
Is it worth speaking with a financial advisor?
The cheapest health insurance I can find through the ACA is upwards of $200 per month... is this right?
Lease or buy?
Good loan consolidation company?
Software with free state efile?
Just moved to the US from Australia; what do I need to do? (Credit and other stuff)
Should I change my checking account from Chase College to Ally Interest Checking?
(Canada) I moved from one province to another in the middle of the year - how should I file my taxes?
Can/should I use an inherited 401K to pay off credit card debt?
How Accurate Is This Retirement Savings Chart?
Purchasing a house with down payment assistance from parents?
Two Target Date Funds?
Help me with my investment selections?
Question about how to use a sizable commission check. Does the monthly payment of debt ever come into the conversation on avalanche versus snowball?
What should else should I consider when determining how much to spend on a home?
What bank account do I get?
What is a reasonable credit limit increase for me to request?
No earned income until October; safe to contribute to IRA now?
Can I claim HoH?
What do you consider is the difference between "rich" and "wealthy"?
What does it mean by when you are "covered by an employer-sponsored plan" in regards to a 401k?
Identity Theft, IRS, what do I do again?
What do you do with interest earned by your Emergency Fund?
A lot happened in 2014... Sold stocks and 401k... Also held 3 jobs in one year... Am I going to owe in taxes?
If I was employed for 4 months, unemployed for 4 months, and finished my last semester of college in the last 4 months, then what should I list myself as for tax purposes? I made between 20-30k.
Will I have to pay AMT?
If the MAGI is $59,000 or less, a full deduction can be made to a Traditional IRA. If I made $64,000 this year and decide to contribute $5,500 to a Traditional IRA, would my MAGI be less than $59K (thereby making me eligible)? OR was I not eligible for a full deduction to begin with?
I just went from minimum wage to 47k a year. What now?
I want to marry my SO. But how will it work financially?
Going through break up with partner after recently purchasing land together. What are my options?
22 year old about to finish college and moving out of town to pursue my dream. How should I go about it and prep?
Dinged on my credit report by a collection agency, but I paid the bill. Any recourse?
"Save 15%"... why not 95%? Am I doing this right.... or am I sick?
Family income is $200k/year - did I make a mistake maxing out our Traditional IRA?
Comcast contract worth canceling for savings?
When do you think about Personal Finance?
Coverdell ESA - thoughts?
Help! Are we sitting on too much cash?
"Asset Location" : Thoughts?
Personal loan to pay off CC debt?
Do car loan down payments need to be "seasoned"?
Parents left US and joined Peacecorps and have worked in non-profits their entire life. What should I do at this point?
How did the rest of you index fund people fair in 2014?
According to Mint, my credit score keeps dropping, despite having a near perfect credit history and no debt. It says it's dinging me for 0% credit usage. Can anyone help explain? (Screenshot included)
Considering building a house, should we proceed?
To pay off car loan or not?
401k maxing: just short or a little bit into after-tax contributions?
Is there such a thing as saving too much for retirement?
6 credit cards open, should I close any accounts?
Health Savings Account (HSA) No Longer Needed - Withdrawl?
Dump 5.5K into Roth IRA today, or continue to pay bimonthly?
Looking over old mutual fund year-end statements. Where do they show how much you paid to the mutual fund company (the expense ratio)?
In 2009 I really messed up my college life, now I want to go back. How should I start?
What to do with a small amount of money? [PT]
Want to start saving now. What is the best route? (20, UK)
Is Verizon's Edge plan really worth it?
Should I go to a tax expert? Salaried job, stock trades, side business, equity grants all happened in 2014
How do I pay the tax on my signing bonus?
What funds should be in my 401k vs Roth IRA vs non tax advantaged?
What are some good tools/tips/things to know when negotiating salary?
Is buying a two family house a good choice?
$32,000 in savings. $3,000 in stocks. $14,000 in Roth IRA. Am I doing it right?
What is the best way for my father to pay off my student loans for tax purposes?
Paid off loan = Closed account?
I bought a house and have roommates(friends). How much do I charge for rent?
Extra money toward mortgage or student loan?
I'm an idiot at budgeting. How to input HSA contributions? YNAB
How much will College cost in 2032?
What should we do with our excess income?
H&amp;R Block Deluxe for $21 or MyFreeTaxes.com or...?
For those that donate to Goodwill and itemize your deductions, How do you value your donations?
I moved to Syracuse from Massachussets, and my new Auto insurance quote for NYS is 4 times more than what I paid in Massachussets. What should I do?
Can anyone suggest a good personal finances basics video course? I'm looking for a format like Lynda.Com's courses on Photoshop etc, I learn well in that format.
Debt free, lease up, what do?
Does anyone in here regret paying off their mortgage early?
I'm 46 and don't know how to build a retirement - can someone help?
ISOs and RSUs - Is there an alternative to Turbo Tax Premier Edition?
Did You Have Problems With Access to Free Annual Credit Reports? [Jan 2015]
47k a year salary, no degree, go back to school?
Hired as a consultant. Company wants to pay me cash - 3k a month. How do I take advantage of write-offs and tax refunds/rebates? Should I create a DBA or incorporate?
Best bank to use for a savings account in the US?
How do you keep track of medical expenses?
Apps like Acorns?
I travel for work, what is the best airline credit card/hotel rewards program to be apart of?
What is your New Years resolution financially?
Stock options and community property?
Continue Renting or Buy?
Looked over Ramit Sethi videos, in regards to his video "How to negotiate your salary if you're underpaid" I'm being underpaid by at least 35%. The question I have is would that be a ludicrous percentage to ask for?
How much do YOU pay?
Should I pay off my loans or save towards an upcoming expense?
Just got BoA Secured Card. How does this work?
24 from Vancouver B.C. help me with some numbers?
Does down payment affect APR on a used auto loan, or is it just for approval?
(401K) Is it better to invest the money in Stock portfolios (Large-Mid-Small Cap), Target funds or Bonds? Currently I am contributing 20% of my income to the 401K. I want some help so I can manage this account better.
Employer gives 6% 401k match, but only makes the contribution at the end of the year and only if I was employed up to December 15th. How can I ensure I don't over contribute?
Refinancing Student Loans?
I am a freshman at the University of Georgia majoring in computer science. My estimate student loan debt upon graduation is upwards of $50,000. How worried should I be?
Start Paying Student Loans while In School?
28 yrs old: house paid off, 401k &amp; Roth IRA maxed out. Where do I invest my money next?
First time having regular paychecks, not saving fast enough for my liking. Any advice on my budget?
When budgeting, where do you keep money for infrequent/one off payments?
550 to 700+ Credit Rating in 2 years, is it possible?
Mum owes me money, should I forget about it? [UK]
How much in taxes can my mom expect to pay on about 15k worth of disability back pay?
Wife and I file jointly - Will we be subject to Gift Tax rules if she writes a large check from her bank account into mine? We're closing on a house.
Best Bank/Credit Union to get a loan?
Real question - due to water levels rising, wouldn't it be wiser to look for real estate above a certain vertical threshold?
How do I decide which Large Cap ETF I should use for my 401K? Should I be considering the expense ratio above all other things?
Can I get rid of my mortgage insurance by refinancing my house bought on short sale?
Friend received a large ER Bill that they can't afford, what are our options?
I've been making contributions to my Roth 401k all year, but I just found out I am over the income limit. What can I do?
How do I track down a retirement trust fund from the 1980's?
Trying to fix my debt/bills ect.. How do I find what i owe/bills in my name?
Is it ok to file my taxes online before I get my W-2?
Merchant credit/debit card fraud on my account lasted 3 months. Is there an explanation besides employee malfeasance?
25 y/o American. $15k Federal student debt. $2k in the bank. Making $700/mo in Mexico. They said I'm about to default. What should I negotiate?
Should I use my mutual funds to pay off my CC? (CA)
Qualified out for Roth in 2014, but already opened one. What can I do now?
Most RESPONSIBLE way to pay for one-time expenses that I cannot afford at the moment without a credit card, or is that my only option?
Mortgage Refinancing advice please?
What's the best tax software to learn tax filing?
I have investments (mostly stocks) worth ~$300k and want to buy a ~$500k house... Should I wait several years and pay for a house in full to avoid any debt/mortgage, or does it make more financial sense to buy it now with a 20% down payment and leave the remaining money in my investments?
Draining savings to pay off debt?
Leaving the military should I continue to use TSP?
With the increase in minimum wage in NYC, are restaurants allowed to take tips from employees to make up the difference?
AU Mother spends all of her money on leisure, borrows money from me when broke to pay bills. Doesn't listen to me. What do I do?
When is the best time to seek out professional hp?
How do I become employable?
I'm a high school junior; how should I obtain a basic education in regards to personal finance?
Taking advantage of compounding with ETF or Index funds?
Is it possible to separate out my student loans in Personal Capital?
Can I be claimed as a dependent for 2014? And other questions.
Bank closed my credit card account without my authorization. Now what?
budgeting apps?
Tax allowance, limit?
Not eligible for employer 401k until late April, can I/should I open an IRA for 2014 tax breaks?
How can I obtain a W2 from a company I no longer work for?
How to remove someone from an auto loan?
Any "rules of thumb" on accrued retirement savings by age?
To refinance or not refinance?
Good credit union to join in Charlotte, NC?
Should I pull out money from my Roth IRAs to pay off car loans?
I haven't filed my state or federal taxes in 5 years - how screwed am I? How do I fix it?
Making ~20k over the next 6 months. Graduating May 2016 with around 25k in debt. How can I put myself in the best situation to pay off all my debt?
Wife and I disagree about whether to pay down debt or increase emergency fund - where to put our money?
Curiosity - New Home Loan Scam or Good Mortgage Deal in California?
How do I deal with this family situation?
Money and life after graduation?
FSA reimbursement for a prescription and post-service claims?
Anyone familiar with pre-paid gift cards?
22yo college student, low paying job, no dental insurance, and I need a root canal and other dental work. How can I pay for this?
Using student loans in one country to pay off student loans in another country? (NL/US)
Pay towards 401k loan, student loan, or mortgage?
Credit card sign-up mileage bonuses: any downside to doing all of them, as much as possible?
Max out 401k or invest in Lifecycle IRA?
Suggestions for better money management?
Should I payoff my auto/student loans or save?
I have no credit history, how can I get a report and file a dispute? How do they determine my address?
How screwed am I for not filing a 1040-ES for capital gains?
What Annualized Returns values to look at when investing 401k?
When is the best time to cash in some savings bonds?
Forced to spend £2000 while I wait for a new job to start - How can I maximise savings from now on?
What are some tips for relocating your family from one state to another?
How do I deal with uninsured motorist?
Can anyone recommend an app for iPad to help me keep a budget ?
Dealing with somewhat extreme car prices? (DK)
Good Credit Card Use?
Buy a home, investment or rent? (AU)
Effect of not using a credit card?
Credit card insurance, purchase protection, extended warranties... What cards/companies are best? (And what are some little-known perks?)
My source of income is of questionable legality and I have never paid taxes before. I am 20. How do I do this?
Emergency funds first or retirement funds first?
I think I have the PF gift, what can I do with it as a career?
Should I work on paying off my car or start my emergency fund?
Roth 401k vs Roth IRA? (22F)
Bird in the hand or two in the bush?
Friends overburdened with student debt - I suggest they pay the minimum and start saving for retirement instead of paying off debt. Am I wrong?
My only income this year will be from savings interest and capital gains. Do I need to file taxes?
Should I stop or reduce my 401K contributions and pay off my car loan?
Should I sell or hold my house?
Saving enough?
Redditors, how do you make extra money outside your day job?
Adjunct Professor Tax Question?
John C Bogle's Two Fund Portfolio - Opinions?
I was charged the wrong amount on my credit card. What to do?
Credit Monitoring Sites: Do you use them? How much do you pay? What do you get?
Where do I find my Federal Loans?
To buy or rent?
How Should I Invest at Age 62 in USA?
My credit score is a 4! A damn 4??? How is this possible?
Pay Off Truck or Invest?
Paying off high-interest debt, saving an emergency fund...what next?
Anyone have any experience with transferwise?
Tax stuff for internship?
What's your favorite "budget theory"?
Financial advisers are too expensive... Is what I'm doing make sense? (Leasing property)
Best 'pace' to invest a lump sum of cash? Any rules for dollar cost averaging?
Should I open a credit card to help my credit?
Got denied for Discover IT student card?...
In an Australian living in the states, trying to build credit on a low income. Can anybody recommend a good credit card?
After-tax 401k and convert to Roth IRA, or save for downpayment?
Car insurance premium increase after accident that was the other driver's fault?
PF, What are your thoughts on whole life insurance?
smartest move with my old 401k account? ( help )
I live in California where I have to pay state tax annually and I currently make 90K. Would it be better if I use Traditional 401k over Roth 401k? If you were in my shoes, which would you choose?
Friend currently in hospital and unresponsive, how do I take care of her affairs?
Retirees of reddit, What tax bracket did you expect you'd be in before you retired, and which bracket are you in now that you're retired?
worth it to pay someone to do my taxes?
How can I help my financial situation?
Credit cards for the rewards???
TSP L Funds-Abysmal Return in 2014, Sell for C or S Funds?
I've never been good at saving money- committing myself to doing the 52 week money challenge this year! Anyone want to join me?
Mint--Any way to prevent 'Cash' from showing up in Investment trends?
Best place to exchange currency?
Should I invest or keep everything liquid??
Still in college but have student loans and married - File separately or jointly?
Financial mindset. Likely on the right track, why can't I enjoy it?
How much of your income do you invest in retirement versus saving for a house?
What is the best place to start stashing cash for a wedding fund?
Baby on the way! What's r/pf's advice for staying financially sound during the first few years of a new kid?
Revolving Credit - ELI5?
Can not work outside of home for possibly more than a month. What alternative income sources exist?
What do I do about this car loan?
Moving out of my practically unsellable house... Advice?
How can I (21/F) start saving for retirement? More specific retirement question inside.
On track to be $200,000 in debt - how to make this okay?
AT&amp;T sent me to collections for a ETF that I had waived by an agent about 3 years ago. AT&amp;T claims the fee was never waived. Out of luck?
How can a high school student begin saving and planning for post secondary, finance-wise?
Why do people think that debt is bad?
Can I simply overestimate my self employment tax instead of actually filling out form 1040 ES?
Parents want to buy a townhouse. What issues/problems should I look for?
Applying to move into new apartment, don't want to pay for 10 separate application fees, what's the best away around this?
Can't access credit score with any bureau. Is this normal?
How much should I spend on housing?
Safe short-term investing or smart, more risky long-term investing?
Is there anything I should know about loaning my brother a sizable amount of money?
18M/ Have 5k saved up. Useful ways to turn this into more money, than just sitting in my savings?
Wasn't sure where to ask this. 30 y/o. $6k total debt. $73k+/yr annual salary. No college degree. Would you go back to college if you were me?
Is there any place where I can find a cosigner?
If the interest rates on savings accounts are higher in other countries what stops someone from moving all their money there?
Can a gain of 4.2 million "dollars" (NO) Bankrupt you in the later years?
Can US sell debt to Canadian collections companies?
Married American Expat in Germany. File Taxes Jointly?
Still being claimed by my parents even though I didn't live there all year and I fully provide for myself. What can/should I do?
45yo and rolled over $190k from old 401k to IRA. Are targeted retirement funds a good deal? What should I buy for 'set it and forget it' investing?
How much can I realistically afford to spend on a house?
[CA] Strategy to get rid of underwater car, can I get some second thoughts ?
Is disputing a charge really worth it? (PNC and Kaiser Permanente issues)
Do my savings priories make sense?
Daily allowance tracker app?
Want to buy a vacation rental property...where to start?
How much money can you potentially get back from claiming work expenses on taxes?
Getting married soon, what changes in regarding my taxes or anything else money wise for that matter?
Worth getting a car loan to build credit?
Relocation deductions when employer provided a relocation package?
Step son receiving life insurance &amp; social security benefits after his fathers death. How to handle taxes?
SP500 Financials Weekly: Still Into that Uptrend Channel ?
Should I purchase used luxury car with very low miles?
Am I stressing over nothing?
Is my methodology correct in my manual calculation for allocating between Roth and traditional IRA?
How can I know the "global" interest rate that is used to compare with the interest rates of bonds?
709 credit score with no credit line. how?
What's a good way to save + invest medium term?
Has anyone used the Price Protection Benefit on the Barclay Arrival +?
How are 401k rules different when you have 2 positions both offering a 401k?
Put down additional Principal to get rid of PMI on house loan?
Am I am Independent Contractor? If So how do I pay taxes and get the most out of it?
After a year of under-employment and losing my apartment, phone, etc. I finally landed some new clients and have 11k coming to me over the next month. How best can I manage this income responsibly?
Need to rollover many old 401ks, but new 2015 laws make this hard?
How to keep most of my vacation payout???
My husband and I live with my mother, is it ok to use her address when filing married and jointly? She files head of household.
My mom is going through a hard time, so I set up a GoFundMe. Can anyone give me tax advice?
Do any of you have a "NON-Emergency" fund?
I'm an idiot, New Year's Surprise: 'IL tax levy' for $1,600...best way to resolve this ASAP?
Where should I get a student loan?
Rebuilding Credit with Secured Credit Card - Should I do it?
Transferring EURO to USD?
IAMA 27 year old college senior that has a 401K/IRA from a previous employer frozen by Fidelity. What do I do?
Save or Invest Military Paycheck?
What are my options when dealing with an inaccurate home appraisal to eliminate PMI?
Why such a discrepancy in credit scores from Credit Karma vs. score shown when recently consolidating student loans?
I have 25,000 Australian Dollars. Would it be beneficial to convert my money to USD since it is progressively increasing in value compared to the AUD?
Father passed, left Trust of stocks + property... I'm in my 20s... how do I protect myself?
Do I pay taxes on taxable index funds when I transfer money directly from one fund to another?
My fiancé won a million dollars. What do?
Should I fix my car or buy something else?
Why only 28% of nett salary to mortgage as a rule?
ARM vs Fixed?
Paying $1300 into Student Loans, better to save more?
First child arrives this year, what to claim, what to invest?
Getting a credit card in college????
Possible Identity Theft?
Best way to take down $20k student loan debt?
Does it make sense to have both a Traditional IRA and a Roth IRA?
Should I keep my employer 401K (unmatched)?
Where did the 'How do you earn extra money' post from today go?
Best Part-Time Jobs to Get for Weekends?
Does it make sense financially to sell my car and drive my mom's?
Paying about $1200 total interest on a $4500 Federal Direct Sub student loan with 4.66% interest rate? How is this calculated??
abnormal house purchase. Good idea?
Why should you keep paper receipts if it's not for work, but just personal?
Getting married later in the year, can I update my W4 now?
2 New Credit Cards: Which?
Can no longer contribute to roth, invest in 401k without matching or invest in a traditional IRA?
Advice on opening a secret checking account?
I want to sell my class ring. 14K gold with a small diamond in it. What's a good time to do this? How should I value this thing?
Parents of r/PersonalFinance - how much are you putting aside for your kiddo(s)'s college savings? And where are you putting said money?
Where should I put the money for a house down payment savings? (3-5 years from buying)
Brother has been paying Mom's mortgage for years, not listed on the mortgage, and is now trying to sell the house. How can he reduce his tax liability?
Authorized user on Amex. If I open a new card in my Madame, do I keep the account age?
What are some things I can do as a high school student to financially prepare for college?
Authorized user on Amex. If I open a card in my name, will account age carry over?
Where to store money for engagement ring, wedding, etc?
How fast should I pay off loans?
401k or Roth IRA or both?
Graduating college in 5 months, how can I save when I'm already on a budget?
Would I be making more money at $9.00 taxed or $8.00 under the table?
Can I pay my mother for babysitting my son from my FSA Dependent care account? (USA)
Should I file taxes?
Do you have a savings account? I don't... should I?
Do 401k contributions affect Roth IRA income limits?
Should I transfer my balances to one of my credit accounts?
Is it worth it to apply for credit cards only for the promotional offers? Can it be done responsibly?
A family member is paying off my student loans.... what's the best way to approach this in regards to taxes?
Has anyone quit their job for a lower paying job but found successful ways to supplement the loss of income? If so how did you make it work?
What percentage of our salary should go to a mortgage in a high tax area?
Is my credit card affecting my credit score?
Are you talking about Steam the gaming site for YNAB?
Should we ask a parent to co-sign a mortgage?
Wife is being charged over $2000 for Federal Pell Grant overpayment. Is this common and what are our options?
Spent too long in IT being poor, should I go back to working at the grocery store?
Investing in REIT?
How to pay for this last semester of school?! Really lost (Not sure if this is right place)
My new job's 401(a) -- Good, or bad? How do I tell?
(Canada) - How should I be investing at 26?
Am I on track? Savings and loans question.
Does it cost anything to move money around within my IRA?
How do I have a good credit score?
College grad with a job offer. Currently poor and in debt, but starting my "real life" with a job. Any tips?
Which GI bill is best for me?
Should 18 year old daughter be claimed as a dependent?
What is a (tuition) fellowship?
If I plan on withdrawing before 59.5, should I still max out my IRA accounts?
PF, What finance decisions do you wish you'd made or prepared for as a teenager?
Finishing college but don't have a decent job lined up? Teach abroad. The savings are ridiculous.
Travellers of PF, how often do you travel, how much do you spend on eah trip and how do you save for it?
Is it wise to invest with student loan debt even though I qualify for Public Student Loan Forgiveness?
How to save for a house with high rental expenses?
Have a new 9-5 job &amp; also a LLC that I do on the side. What are my best options on filling out my W-4 in terms tax withholdings with the new job?
Can anyone explain me about mortgages in UK?
I'm 18 now but my dad still has access to my bank account. What am I to do?
Old utilities account is still open with a $0 Balance. Does this affect my credit score negatively?
Two questions. 1. I'll have two extra paychecks this month- do I pay off my car, or pay down my credit card? 2. My car is at 200k miles, is it smarter to sell/trade while it's still in decent condition and get a new one, or keep fixing it as it breaks?
Did anyone use FutureAdvisor or Wealthfront last year? How'd it go?
(x-post from r/legaladvice) Employer mislabeled me as subcontractor, should I alert the IRS?
Thinkpad Yoga 14 with Wacom digitizer screen/pen?
My mom keeps asking me to borrow money, is there a way I can track her spending?
Does paying a mobile phone bill by credit card help credit score?
Turbo Tax vs. H&amp;R Block Software?
Do Brand New Devices purchased from resale sites like Swappa qualify for the Extended Warranty protection offered by CCs ?
I have a large amount of high interest credit card debt. Considering pulling cash from my 401k, is this a mistake?
Did anyone successfully complete the 52-week savings challenge last year?
What to do with bonus - IRA or savings?
If a relative dies, and you suspect that they have offshore/secure bank accounts that you can't find paperwork for, how do you find those accounts / notify the banks?
When did your retirement account balance = your salary?
Moving out of US for a few years, how do I handle my finances while I'm away?
Receiving reimbursement, how should I handle my debt?
Does anyone have any experience with the multiple federal student loan plans for refinancing?
I May be Overthinking it, but Which loan is best to focus on? (I'm not asking about avalanche vs. snowball method)
My credit: good/excellent. SO's credit: fair(ish) with a 2 year old bankruptcy. When we get married, how is my credit affected by hers? Do we then have "joint" credit?
Opening 2 cards in 1 month?
How much will a few extra months help my IRA?
24m. Severely dyscalculic. High school dropout. How do I get into a good career so I can finally get on my feet?
How to best leverage the built up equity in my house?
If I did side work and billed for it on 12/31, but won't receive the checks until Jan 2015, do I need to put that income on last year's or this year's taxes?
Do I need a driver's licence?
Account in collections, what to do?
Just one big lump into an index fund?
Who do I talk to/get advice from about personal financial goals and such?
Downgrade credit card to no annual fee level impact score?
What taxes do I pay if I liquidate a mutual fund and immediately open an index fund with the money?
Freelancer getting ready for taxes: What to do about unpaid invoices?
(SWE)-Mortgage w unequal ownership. How to split interest costs with changing ownership %?
Is it a good idea to take out more than one balance transfer credit card to pay off debt?
Heading off to uni next year, advice to save as much as I can?
(Misc) How to find out if I'm being underpaid?
Selling stuff online, and I am not sure at what point I should start paying taxes. r/personalfinance what do you recommend?
Has anyone ever used futureadvisor.com? What are your thoughts?
Changing Career to Programming - How Can/Should I Finance?
Does it make sense to re-finance a mortgage for a higher rate if you can remove PMI in the process?
Fiancé's mom doesn't save. How can we take the money she gifts us and open a retirement/savings account for her without her knowing?
Do income studies which report median/average incomes for an area factor in children/jobless people?
Should I Bother Opening a Chase Sapphire Card?
Disadvantages in paying off a car loan early?
64k 2nd coming due in 4 months. Cash out IRA vs. refi (if even possible)?
Should I get a credit card for upcoming spending?
Does it make a difference if I put my entire bonus in my 401K?
Landlords withdrew more than they should've. Anything I can do?
Unknown collections record on credit score - is it worth trying to dispute?
Starting a Roth IRA and looking at the FPACX fund. Any thoughts?
What are my options for taxes as a small business in it's first year?
What bills, when paid on time, can improve your credit?
TurboTax Deluxe versus Premiere? (Closed out a 401k and kept the money in 2014).
Financially uneducated, but some savings. What should we be thinking about? [NZ]
Does anyone have a 403(k) retirement plan from Transamerica through their work?
I didn't file my taxes last year and was an out-of-state resident for eleven months. How much will I owe if I gained no out out state income and very little in state income during the past year?
Taxes - Married Last Year, Did not update W4 yet. What should I expect on Return this year?
Does requesting a new credit card hurt your credit score?
Inherited $10,000 for my 1 y.o. son's education. How should I invest it?
General financial questions on debt, and how can I find out all accounts in my name, including investments?
Tax software suggestion for RSUs?
What's The Safest Way to Take Payment On a Used Vehicle Sale? [Auto]
When's a good time to start saving for retirement?
Would having an online degree affect employment prospects?
Tax season - Writing off a $4000 short film? (British Columbia, Canada)
Will closing a fully paid off secured (credit) card negatively affect my credit score?
(UK) Optimal level of pension contribution to minimise amount going to the taxman?
Simple Budgeting App?
Rate's low, but closing cost is high. Should I still attempt to refinance?
[22, recent college grad] Making $70k/year w/ no student loan, credit card, or car debt. $10k in savings, but parents have $450k remaining on mortgage. What should my priorities be at this point?
How should I invest my 401k for 2015?
If my brother cosigns an auto loan for me, and in 6 months or a year, I refinance the loan in my name alone, is there any chance it could negatively affect him?
My FICO score dropped 71 points in one month? Is this normal? How is this possible?
Is bankruptcy a good idea for me? Should I file 7 or 13 or something else?
Is it possible to open a Roth IRA for my 5 month old?
If I paid in full for my renter's insurance and want to cancel coverage to switch companies, will I be refunded the prorated amount, or should I just wait to switch until my coverage is up?
Is it easy to withdraw contributions from a Vanguard Roth IRA? (US)
Is this a real check?
How much does it cost to use a Target Retirement Fund vs. doing it yourself?
New car?
Thoughts on Future Advisor?
buying groceries together vs. separate?
23 married Male with Baby on the way, How am I doing?
100% funded by the Post 9/11 GI Bill -- get full Pell Grant -- why does the school continue to think I need to take out a Subsidized Stafford Loan?
CT/NY/Fed Taxes and my Trad 401k - advice?
You're 18 and have been given $4,000,000 what do you do to ensure it lasts you a lifetime and to provide for your family when you die?
I'm a 3rd year law student that's about to turn 26. Losing my parents medical insurance and will have a few months between losing insurance and (hopefully) being employed full time. What do I do?
Penalty to Closing a Checking Account?
Co-signing younger siblings student loans?
How much debt is too much debt?
UK equivalent to Vanguard?
Do you ever 'outgrow' target retirement funds?
I have a FICO score of 764, claim very little as income (~15K), have ~10K savings, have a degree. Can I qualify for a loan on a house (~75K range)?
My dad stopped contributing to my parents' finances a year ago. Is there anything legal my mom can do about her situation?
I'm 16, and need to buy my first car. Where do I start?
How do I check my credit score legitimately, without damaging my credit?
How should you allocate retirement funds if the majority of your worth is farmland/property?
So I am the WORST at managing money, and I want to fix this. How can I get my act together and maximize my tax return?
About to change my career to a much lower salary. Should I buy dividend stocks with my savings to supplement my new lower income?
Radical plan to change my life. Doable, personal finance wise?
Should I empty my Pension fund and invest in my TFSA? (canada)
I (30f) am an unemployed college dropout with mental health problems and ~$50K in debt. How do I get back on track?
Should I suspend Roth IRA contributions for a year to help save for a house?
Can I file for unemployment after a 7 month temp job?
What to do with an inherited house? What makes the most financial sense?
Should you give others financial advice?
Help! Just found out my grandfather is being sued for over 20k due to my uncle using his business license and not paying for materials and writing bad checks for jobs. What do we do?
Front loading 401k?
I'm an18 year old fresh out of school and need to learn how to handle money more effectively, what's a book/resource you suggest I read?
20yo unemployed, no degree and down to last £10 in my purse. What can I do? (UK)
My ideal health insurance plan is not eligible for an HSA. Why is this, and does it make sense to get a less-ideal plan so I can contribute to an HSA?
Automatic Recurring P2P payment from bank account (or other) to AMEX Bluebird Debit card?
My finances/investments are all over the place - what do you guys think of these proposed changes (Suggested by FutureAdviser)?
After a windfall, is it foolish to buy my parents a car?
How much from each paycheck do you put into savings, emergency fund, etc? Do you cap the growth of any of your accounts before opening another? Why?
I was duped today by car insurance costs..cheap cars to insure? (MA)
Should I cash in my whole life?
Looking to purchase my first home in 2015, is it a good idea to co-sign on my mortgage with a dad to get a lower rate?
Is my dad allowed to do this?
What is the best way to invest for retirement in Canada?
ELI5: How do reward credit cards work?
Tips for saving money?
19 and my dad hasn't had insurance since August. Am I going to get fined?
Record highs in the stock market, and, minus my contributions and including fees, my Roth Ira grew less than 1 percent. Should I fire my financial advisor or what?
Does anyone work for Noodles?
In 2013 I had excess Roth IRA contributions, how do I resolve this?
Improving Credit through High Line of Credit by buying a CD?
$100/month allocated to pay off two credit cards. How should I split the $100?
How do you automate your finances when you get a biweekly paycheck?
Multiple savings accounts, each with a specific purpose?
Best place to park savings account for a house downpayment?
[Tax] Can someone point me to where I can find tax information for my case?
How do you juggle a full time job and going to college at the same time?
I have an "income" but cannot legally contribute to a Roth IRA and have no 401K. other options in the meantime? (M23, US)
I'm a young aspiring entrepreneur, how do I find financial freedom?
Online bank, but need to withdraw $3000 to purchase a road bike from Craigslist. How can I go about doing this?
100+K Debt, low wages, what to do?
how do you reward yourself and make your life fun without spending money?
How short is your attention span? If I fed you booze would you be more honest with me?
[CAN] Pay off Debt or save for downpayment?
How do I go about paying the taxes on a small windfall, and then investing the money?
How much will I get to keep of my paycheck?
What is some good financial advice for a 20 year old with a job?
Any personal financial planners here?
I'm 18 and getting kicked out of my parents' house tomorrow. I have $200 to my name, what do I do?
Possible to take advantage of weak euro/strong dollar for honeymoon savings?
Best international funds transfer site?
I'm moving back to America after 5 years of living in Sydney. What is the cheapest/safest/best way to transfer 30,000 from my aussie account into my american account?
(UK) advice about using an interest free credit as a short term loan?
[Taxes] Company gives me $400/mo for gas reimbursement, but I drive much more than that if you calculate by the $.56/mile federal rate. If I have company approved mileage logs, proof of how much they're paying me for gas, and gas receipts, can I deduct more in my return?
Lightly Damaged Lease that needs new tires. Buy out or Turn in or repair and turn in?
Homeless, found a room for rent, Flash forward to "Landlord" hasn't talked to me in months, oven and water heater broken. Do I risk moving out?
Holding on to money for my mother? (Canada)
I'm a 26yo Aussie with some savings, what should I do with it?
Credit union for frequent movers?
2 years into my first ESPP and I now have 423b Qualified Shares - taxes, and what are my best options for selling?
I need an expert's help: Why would it be necessary for my mom to have a copy of my driver's license to report taxes on her house?
Pay off House?
Best way to go about paying off old medical bills?
Increase my emergency fund or contribute to an IRA?
Made a $2200 mistake on my 2013 taxes. IRS wants their money. Any suggestions?
Credit Score/Report help?
How to avoid $35 commission fee at Fidelity?
Can you guys help me make sense of my company's 401k fund selection?
I should I utilize Mint to track my student loans?
Families with children, how do you control your food expenses and keep your kids healthy?
Student with $20k, no living expenses, and enough scholarship to graduate debt-free. How can I make these funds go far?
Below average credit rating but recently turned quite financially comfortable -- credit card good or bad idea?
Brokerage as a bank?
Back Door Roth Conversion Tax Consequences?
Banking on Public Student Loan Forgiveness?
Where do I find a bank to get my mortgage through?
I got a DUI and getting a lawyer will drain every cent of my savings. How can I do this?
Should I apply for a credit card?
How is the best way to pay for a large vacation?
IRA to pay off student loans?
Behind on my mortgage, lots of equity in home, bad credit, what to do?
To sell or rent home? Only owned for 4 months.
Should I sacrifice my quality of living to save on rent?
How will majoring in finance help me?
Any idea of what rate I could expect to get on a car loan? Mint says my credit score is 746.
Rebalance 401k now? Looking to get out of target date funds and simplify portfolio.
Will a cancelled RBC Avion Visa still be charged? (CA)
6 years ago I got a new job and never bothered to transfer my 401k, is it money lost?
Should I sell my car to help pay Student Loan debt?
Recent College Grad, 50k in student loan debt, and own an annuity worth 66k. What should I do?
How do minimum payments and interest work on credit cards?
[Credit] Classic story. Which credit card should I go for? (CA)
Rebuilding credit, finally got a big limit card, should I apply for more?
Does missing a simple netflix payment affect me?
Help walk me through a mortgage refinance?
Engagement Ring Insurance Providers?
My girlfriend recently lost her job and I'm trying to help her stay afloat. How does this proposed budget sound?
Is 3 years minimum with an employer normal for keeping your pension?
Why can't a statement period end and payment be due on the same day of the month?
About to sell my condo at a big profit - how do I protect proceeds from creditors, IRS, etc.? When you're about to come into some money - what's the best way to pay off debts &amp; IRS?
Assistance with Vanguard Roth IRA?
Should I get a credit card?
I'm worried about fraud - looking for new APT, lots of scams. Am I safe if I fill this out ?
Putting small amount of CC debt on student loans. Amy problems with early payments while still in school?
What if your income makes you ineligible to contribute the full amount (or at all) to an IRA...but you already contributed $5500?
Renting in a place I want to live?
Just rolled my 401k over to a Traditional IRA. Should I also open a Roth IRA?
What should I ask for in a 401k plan?
20k€ in savings.. which bank should I choose? what to do best with savings in Belgium. (BE)
Does Vanguard have a minimum holding period time for their funds?
What are my tax implications when paying off debts with capital gains?
Anyone have Santander Bank extra20 Checking? Do you like it?
Will I pay taxes on profit from sold house if it's used for remodel of new home?
Should I stop contributing to my traditional TSP?
[Employment] I got an offer I can be paid hourly or salaried.. what should I decide to have a better financial situation down the line?
Do you think cooking meals for others is good way to make side income?
Recently turned 18; what now?
Was just offered my dream internship in a different city, but I literally have zero money in my bank account to move. Advice?
Probably a stupid question, and I've read the "I have X, what to do with it?", but: in what type of account should savings for wedding rings, houses go?
Tips on how to spend less at bars?
What happens to employee Stock Options in a public company when it is acquired and goes private?
Stock options still vesting?
Employer 401k investment offerings changed and my investments were automatically changed. How do these look?
Should I get a new credit card while studying abroad in Europe? If so, what is the best one?
Should I wait to buy bonds until an interest rate hike? What's the downside?
[Discussion] Should we have username flair that indicates our primary place of residence? It may help clarify conversations where cost-of-living is misunderstood.
Is AGI derived from pre-tax or post-tax income?
Anyone know about primerica investing?
College part time and work full time or college full time and unpaid internship?
Green card holder here, do I have to report bank account from my home country in my US tax forms?
Should I continue to keep my credit frozen?
Just opened a Roth IRA with Vanguard and 100% of my investment is in short term holdings. Does this eventually change or have I done something wrong?
17 years old, currently earning minimum wage. What are some smart financial decisions for my future?
Tax wizards, what are some of the hidden 2014 income tax saving opportunities out there?
Do I need a prenup? (M-36)
I need to earn more money. Should I quit my job and pursue my hobby that I love and that I can earn more money with?
Soon-to-be graduate student...no debt and finally moving on my own. What should I do?
I settled an $8500 credit card charge-off for $3000 this year. What were your credit card victories in 2014?
Is my financial adviser screwing me?
Should I cash out my Whole Life Insurance policy?
Short-Term Treasury Notes?
Car was totaled, can't afford new car. If I drop my car insurance, is it still considered a lapse?
Bought my first car! Finally roping in all my finances a year later and after a little investigation realize my APR is....... 25%. Best Refi options?
Is it worth keeping the second job?
26yo and finally have my first professional job - however I have to move from Australia to the US, and will not be getting paid much - advice? (AU)
Official way to check current Roth IRA contribution?
(US) Can I get a "decent" credit card with no credit history?
Newly employed, how much should I spend on rent?
Applied for a Sallie Mae Barclayscard online, when I try to check the status nothing shows up?
When's a good time to get back into debt? (Australia)
Transaction history changed?
Is anyone else excited to file their 2014 taxes?
State Farm (covers my house and 2 cars) is offering an $1M umbrella policy for $248 a year, it also saves me $22 a year on my other policies. is this a good idea?
What has been your biggest financial purchase that you regretted making in 2014?
I own a business with a partner. That partner is having personal financial trouble. Can this impact the business?
Is Quickbooks a good fit for me to track my expenses?
Just married and had a few life events in 2014, should we use a CPA or tax service or would turbotax work?
Is it okay to view home equity as a safe investment for future?
Finally saved up 100k. Apart from placing it in fixed deposits, what else can I be doing with the money?
I just turned 20, how do I pursue a trade, and get a job in that trade?
Buying Jewelry is an investment or expenditure?
I know precisely squat about investing. So, I got a financial advisor through northwestern mutual. How do I know if they're doing right or wrong by me?
Several separate pension schemes, do I need to consolidate? (UK)
Should I focus paying off my house or invest or get a second property?
How can we save money faster?
How soon after you start freelancing do you need to start filing quarterly taxes?
Should I apply for the card I want most? Or the card I think I'll have the best odds of getting approved for.
Interested in investing, good sources to learn?
Thoughts on a fee based investment advisor?
Good idea to put recurring payment on credit card?
As a college student in the US who moves around frequently, which banking service is the best to suit my needs?
Should I refinance?
My Credit Union is offering for me to invest in this... What does it all mean?
What financial mistakes do you make when shopping?
What Should I Do?
Should I just not even go to a college that will leave me with six figures of student loan debt? Even if it's a great college?
Canada DCCP Locked-In Pension Plan?
Should I move out when the lease is up?
Why does my credit score fluctuate ~30 points every month?
Upcoming performance review - should I expect or ask for a raise before maternity leave?
What is some of the advice I can put towards being financially successful this year as a single new grad?
How can I estimate the amount of personal property tax I'll owe for my new car?
Difference between Home Equity Loan and Cash Out Refinance?
Can I do a strategic default on my credit cards?
Car loan to pay off starting March. Should I invest my money until then?
(EU/US) Good way to fight lifestyle inflation as a freelancer?
What to do with my money? Pay down mortgage, IRA, index fund, metals? Help
How often do you shop car insurance rates?
Getting collections notice removed from credit report after paying the original creditor?
Graduating with PhD in Spring/Summer - help for afterward?
Why should I (real estate agent) use an accountant over tax software?
Received company car. Sell old car or keep driving it?
NYC Taxes?
Does no interest for 18 months on a credit card actually mean no interest?
[Auto] My car keep having problem: keep repairing or buy another one? (Italy)
Receiving ~ $20k lump sum, should I buy property in Detroit or pay down student loan debt?
My car keep having problem: keep repairing or buy another one? (Italy)
Legitimate Consolidation Loans??
Passing on 401k stock to someone?
ELI5: My offshore savings are in USD, but I live in the UK. My dollar total can now buy fewer pounds than in August. Does that indicate a decline in the dollar or the pound?
Hospital bill randomly showed up for services rendered almost two years ago?
my landlord is being an a$$ is there anything i can do?
Should I use Google Wallet to get rent from a roommate?
Which tax software? (ex-TurboTax user)
Is it worth paying off (unsubsidized) student loans while in school?
Need to take out a loan for living expenses while in college, where do I start?
No Roth 401k offered. Should I contribute the maximum or just to company match?
How do I transfer a Roth from one financial institution to another painlessly?
Was getting OT in my old job, not getting OT at new job - why?
Effects of canceling or switching credit cards? (CA)
Downside to using credit card for cash back?
What to do with previous employer's 401K?
Just under $10,000 in medical bills which is around half my annual income. What do I do?
I'm an American expat living in Switzerland. Should I file my own US taxes?
Question: At a certain point does it really not matter that my credit score is 770 versus 800 or 850? I've been looking for a mortgage lender, and no place (I've found) seems to differentiate over 760.
I'm pretty sure my 401k sucks. Care to confirm or deny?
HSA investment account monthly fee - is it worth it?
Bought a house in 2014 with girlfriend, drastically different incomes, how to file to maximize return?
Do you know of a bank that allows you to sort your income as it comes in? (A percentage to savings, a percentage to bills, a percentage to an emergency fund, etc.)
Husband and I refinancing the house--downsides to taking me off the mortgage?
Wikipedia 401k page postulates that 401k plans are unprotected/uninsured. How accurate is this, and should this be a concern?
21/M and about to be taken off dad's health insurance unless I show college transcripts?
Electric company is pinning me with my brothers debt. Any advice?
Is there a credit union (preferably in NYC) that is open to international students (without SSN/TIN)?
Interested in buying my grandfather's house from my mom and renting it out. First time doing this, what should I know?
Is it possible to claim a roommate on taxes?
Overwhelmed PF Newbie with $30k inheritance and all kinds of questions. Help, please?
Salary Negotiation for someone with limited experience? possibly Financial Analyst - Operational Accounting
Can I get a US pre-paid credit card if I'm not in the US?
Best route in saving for a down payment on a house?
I am about to turn 30 years old and wanted to review how far I have come in my 20's. What lifelong lessons did you pick up? Any advice for my next 10 years?
Planning to retire too early?
Critique my financials?
My company has a 401(k) but doesn't offer matching, what should I do with my money?
My Best Friend's Mom owes around 20k, he wants to take a 25k loan to help out, what are his best options?
[UK] I am 18 years old and have 3K in savings from my part time job. What is the best thing to do with this money for my future?
Building credit with medical debts?
Consolidating debt with a home equity loan, and buying a used car. Pay for car with home loan? Or separate?
I have ~$2k in a 403b at my current job. My expense ratios are all above 1%. What should I do?
YNAB/budgeting alternative to those without a computer?
I have excellent credit. Are more cards bad?
Sibling used my debit card when signing up to a phone contact. Am I legally responsible for any debt incurred?
(CA) Should I break up some of my trust fund for different things such as savings, emergency, etc.?
Selling a car that I still owe on?
(US) Student loan payment minimums?
Had 3 Jobs and Started a business in 2014. Should I do my own taxes?
No debt and building efund: Should I start small contributions to 403(b) investments, or wait for full efund before investments of any kind?
Should I Invest in company 401k?
So uh. I'm looking at Credit Karma, and it says: You have the highest count of open collections accounts found among ALL members. That probably isn't great. Plan of action?
CreditKarma showing inaccurate info (no mortgage, closed Credit Card, different limit on CC)???
Moving $50K from my checking account to a friend's checking account...and back again? The best way?
Do I need to wait for my ROTH IRA forms, before filing taxes?
Am I being reasonable with my budget?
I'm a freelancer and the company I work for wants to hire me for $20K less than I make now. What should I do?
Worth going into debt to buy and live in a caravan? (NZ)
Is this 403(b) worth using?
How fast can a credit score go up?
Recenlty employed after being unemployed for many months, have little to no savings. How do I start?
Could someone link me to the most helpful Roth IRA discussion you can think of?
(CA) First car: Cheap &amp; Fun? Under 6k
Should I refinance my ARM mortgage?
How are consumer cards (Lowe's and Best Buy in my case) hadled WRT FICO?
What do i do with $70k of LT carryover losses?
Perpetual Student- How much house can I afford?
How do credit card points work?
Mortgage brokers calling me overly conservative. I'm just trying to make a good decision on a major purchase. Can personalfinance look at the numbers? Am I wrong?
Most advantageous way to move old 401k moneys to a new account? Or don't move it at all?
Traditional IRA when at the cusp of income limits?
Is it the right time to buy?
I've been given the opportunity to buy stock at my current employer at a discounted price. Should I?
I work for cash babysitting, walking dogs and cake decorating. I make about $400-$600 a week. Should I get a business licence for tax purposes?
Taking a new job, but today HR rescinded the original salary offer. What can I do?
was I screwed out of my severance pay?
Is there a difference between overdrafting your bank account using your debit card and "bouncing a check"?
Paying off student loans from China?
Benefits of tax-deferred growth?
Where to go from here?
How do consumer cards affect FICO?
After you have your emergency savings and CC debt all covered - what is the general ratio you should go by for living expenses, retirement savings &amp; additional savings/investing?
Anyone have thy money to pay off a loan but don't?
Should one still invest in an IRA (at 22) when they are very likely to surpass the income limit before they're 30?
If I'm trying to save, is therapy a justifiable expense?
I'm moving out in 1 month, what should my food list look like at $100 every 2 weeks?
Got a side gig that just paid me $4000. Been asked to do another for $4000. What do I do about taxes?
How does making auto loan payments using a bank account other than my own affect my credit?
High CC Limit: Keep or Lower?
Tried multiple times to check credit, run in to problems every time. Who to contact?
If I was unemployed for this entire year, can my SO of 5 years claim me?
Recent college grad about to start my career. How can I get a headstart on good finances?
Tax deduction for tuition in 2014?
Should I apply for a new credit card?! I already have 3.
Where do we go from here? 30 year old home bodies.
If I am a dependent of my parents with a taxed income under $5,000, will I be able to get a tax refund without increasing my parents' taxes?
Should I pay back a rental unit faster, save up for real home, or save for retirement?
Reletting Fees?? Lease Help!
Saving up for a house (cash) what can I do to help?
How can I develop the right initiative to invest in the stock market?
Should I take a leave of absence from college?
what should I tackle first?
Is bankruptcy an option?
Should pay higher rent?
Which Rent payment would be better for my bank account?
HSA questions. Good idea? How does it work exactly? Where to set up?
Switching jobs - what to do with my 401K?
How do I go about disputing a collections on my credit report? Semi complicated situation.
Should we file as 'married but filing separately'?
Hidden catches to refinancing?
Short Term Disability in California?
24 year old with a significant amount of money with a financial advisor. Considering withdrawing it all and managing it myself. Thoughts?
What's the true cost of a car? Looking to buy a cheap used car and want to project annual costs.
Are my health care expenses tax deductible if I paid out of pocket even though I have an HSA?
Trailer Homes: What am I missing?
What do tax accountants do?
Cheapest way to send cash from UK to USA?
Parent switched jobs, what to do with old 401(k)?
Turning 26 next week, barely able to keep $1,000 in my savings account, owe ~$6000 on a car I don't drive, making $50K/yr and burning through it all. Help? :/
Am I susceptible to penalty when filing my taxes because I don not have health insurance? (US)
What is the best place to open a savings account for my son? (13yr old)
3.500€ surplus/month - what should I do?
Average cost of renter's insurance?
ELI5: Can someone explain the Debit/Credit options on a bank card?
Want to buy a house in 3-4 years. Am I on the right track?
Pros and Cons to backdoor Roth Conversion?
Low budget -Making your money make you money? $5k, $10k?
Possible phantom ATM withdraw?
Do you mutual funds update throughout the day like stocks?
Best brokerage account for long term holdings?
What is the easiest way to organize and present my current job's "Total Compensation" for future job negotiations?
Recently graduated and have a well paying job. What should I start doing for my future?
When should someone drop comprehensive/collision coverage on auto insurance?
Homeless female relocating to get stable ?
Does anyone else struggle with not investing your emergency fund?
Getting notices / warnings from credit cards. What should I do?
What sort of short-term job-focused (&lt;2 years) program would offer the best return on investment?
Using untouched childhood "investment" account funds for other purposes. Is this a terrible plan?
Can I (or maybe it's should I) save for an emergency fund and open an IRA at the same time?
Options for my 401k Plan. Should I contact the company's fund adviser?
How much money do you have saved and how old are you?
Does anyone have experience with Flagstar Bank Savings Accounts?
I'm about to inherit a large sum of money from my father. I live out of the USA and have no active bank accounts there. What to do??
Advice on self employed investment and retirement options, am I doing this right?
Separated from spouse; has vanished without trace. How to file taxes?
I am a beneficiary in a life policy, but my relationship is wrong. How critical is it that this gets changed?
Did I just get fired? (Pursuing my MBA)
Moving out at 18 - still in college full time? Benefits available?
Buying a used car, would financing improve my credit?
Paying just above the minimum to help credit?
Anyone know of any good money management sites online?
Will depositing a large check cause me to lose or get reduced fasfa grants?
Saved(made?) $1k+ annually last weekend... shop your car insurance and bank accounts around!
Do I have to pay tax on YouTube Adsense money? (UK)
Mechanics of adding funds monthly to Vanguard account?
I'll be taking out a small auto loan in March. What are quick and easy ways to elevate my credit before I do it?
Wrong VIN on new car paperwork?
How much, relatively speaking, to put into an index fund?
Suggestions on how to repay my student loans?
What is some advice you wish you had while you still had it "easy"?
(26/F) Am I managing my money to it's greatest potential?
Does anybody know who created "The Retirement Wrapper" image? Want to cite them for a blog. (Don't upvote)
How much do you aim to save each month?
How fast should I pay off my loans?
What happens if cash dividend checks aren't "cashed"?
Will my personal credit affect my application for a corporate card?
What should I be saving my money for to benefit the rest of my life?
20, in college, no debt. How much should I contribute to Roth vs short term investments?
Fraudulent charges in foreign countries?
Stealing credit card info wirelessly?
Is there any way to find how much I paid in state taxes 10 years ago without a W-2 or return?
Secured card for 2 months, just got approved for a rewards card. Safe I cancel the secured?
Tax Question: File Online or Use In-Person Preparation Service?
The lease on my car is up in October, and my credit's shot to hell. What are my options?
Unable to verify account?
How do I get a specific amount in loans via FAFSA?
What exactly should I do with my tax refund?
UPS scandal help?
Is there a rule of thumb on how much you should spend on buying a house?
Best Second Job for a Teacher?
Student loan appears written off on CR. Does someone else own the debt or is it gone?
Work pays me $1.50 extra to work at different stores. Can I write off mileage?
Getting married to disabled partner--how will this affect our finances?
~$30,000 in student loans. Is military a good option at this point?
Trapped making $10 an hour at a factory. No room for advancement and barley scraping by. How do I get out?
Obtaining credit cards for rewards and then closing them. Is this okay?
In the history of /r/personalfinance, what user had the most crazy fucked up story that wasn't obviously a troll?
I am primarily investing through ETFs. Is there a reason to diversify the Brands?
When can I (responsibly) buy a car?
I really want a new camcorder what is the best way to save for it?
Pension lumpsum rollover???
I'm curious. How do single income and/or highly imbalanced income couples/households manage your finances?
Should I consolidate my student loans with a private consolidation loan?
Anyone know of a good ESPP Tax Calculator? An app or something in Excel would work.
What to do with internship money?
RRSP loan to lower taxes and use refund to pay down student loans? (CA)
Keep $500K whole life policy or cash out for $20K? details galore
My parents cosigned me on their home loan, and my dad just lost his job. What do I do?
Any advantage to having a financial adviser set up and maintain Roth IRA instead of doing it myself online?
3-5 time year horizon: with CD rates so low, why not invest in a conservative stock/bond allocation instead?
My 401k is 95% large and mid cap assets. I'm only 30, but how do I know when to transition to bonds/cash?
Is there a point to trying to save money on my graduate student stipend?
Social security vs IRA?
How is your ESPP structured?
Beneficiary IRA mandatory deductions_Military Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) to offset taxable wages?
My brother and I are thinking about going in on a rental property together, should I incorporate?
Hey PF - How screwed is my retirement?
I'm a 27 year old who got his bachelors in liberal arts. Haven't been able to find a decent job (like half the U.S). I'm about 30k in student loan debt. Considering going back for a 2nd bachelors in something useful like engineering. Thoughts?
Need to find out if a judgement was renewed. Can I run the free report from any of the agencies?
Pay off car, or contribute to retirement plan?
Turn down free money because it will/should cost me less?
Can't save money - is this just the cost of 'starting up' my life?
Going to Grad School, no income, do we qualify for Subsidized Preschool for kids?
Should I switch all my retirement to Traditional 401k / IRA due to my current salary of $200k?
How to determine whether to reduce taxable income or just bite the bullet and pay a potentially big tax bill?
Moving everything to vanguard - how to divvy up accounts?
Married and poor. File jointly or separately?
80K in debt for college, has a $12/hr job and can't make ends meet anymore. What do?
How much should I budget to pay rent?
What's the highest paying job you've had/have without a degree and what is it and how'd you get into it?
Best way to get $500 the same day?
Dollar Cost Averaging, ETF or Fund?
Is my raise worth it?
Getting back more taxes than paid in?
Is this illegal? (US to AU).
Confusing situation using Mint - any mint pros?
I owe loads of money to the IRS. NO SSN, will they get me?
I'm getting paid by Google through Wire Transfer. What sort of bank account should I have?
Husband has student loans and medical debt. Should we file married jointly or married separately?
Refund to expired credit card??
Lived in home for 9 years, just refinanced last year, did that start the 2 year clock over again in regards to Capital Gains Tax on the Sale of Your Primary Home?
Backdoor IRA - new or existing Roth IRA account?
Employer is classifying me as a 1099-Misc Independent Contractor...I feel like I am more of an employee than contractor. How will this effect me tax wise?
Need advice. Should I buy a different (cheaper) car to lower my current car payment?
Best online banks?
How does marriage effect student loan eligibility?
My friend's daughter is turning 18 soon and is asking good questions about how buying a car works and health insurance. Can PF share their favorite informational videos about these topics and more to help her out?
Bad to have unused credit cards ?
Can I Afford This House?
Identity stolen (Verizon bill showed up at my parent's house) - what else do I need to do?
I believe a creditor is changing the dates on negative information reported on my credit report. Tried calling Equifax with no luck. What's my best course of action?
Help me, one issue after another and we're broke. What to do?
How Did You Save for Your Down Payment?
Making sure i'm not throwing myself into something i shouldn't at this point. Should i really be considering buying a house sometime soon?
How much are you paying for health insurance?
Missed a CC payment because my new bank info was wrong. Can I correct this?
Parent's retirement plans looking grim. Afraid they will work until they die..any advice for a concerned daughter?
Things to know when mortgage shopping?
How do I wisely save\invest my inheritance for the long term?
It's the time of year for W-2's and tax refunds. What is your best advice on how to spend (or reinvest) the refund we all love so much?
What happened to the monthly challenge?
What did you wish you knew about PF when you were younger?
Can mint.com void my Bank of America fraud protection?
Married my wife last September. She has about 60,000 Canadian dollars. I am a US Citizen and we live in the US now. What to do with her money?
Is work screwing me over? (UK)
In United States, didn't pay taxes last year. What are my best options?
Proposing a yearly budget to my patron. Where do I start and end?
How do I start living on last month's income (trying to use YNAB) when I have a credit card bill?
Roth conversion count towards 2014 or 2015?
Best way to structure withdrawing cash to pay contractors working on my house?
Should I pay into my employer's 401k if I don't plan on staying there for more than a year? They only pay the matching amount at the end of the year.
Paying off fines, how to deal with collection agency?
My GF spends 100+ dollars a week on habits, what can I do?
My friend is trying to convince me to get a 7707 retirement account, how do they compare to a 401k or using my HSA for retirement?
Why is pf so against car leases?
40yo, no emergency fund, &lt;$35,000 saved. Am I screwed??
Spend too much on rent?
I've currently been working for three weeks at a weekly paying job, yet I've received no paycheck. How should I go about this situation?
What does PF have against car leases?
My cousins and I are currently saving up for a downpayment on a house in the next few years. What should we do with our money until then?
How much individual stock "play money" do you keep?
Saving up for a big down payment when I move in Spring/Summer 2018. Where should I keep the money?
Savings/Money Market Interest Rates?
Getting married in June - fiancee' will be starting grad school in August. Should we legally get married before she files for financial aid?
&lt;Poland&gt; I wish start saving for retirement. Can you help me decide how?
Pay Card or Check?
Pay down student loans or home addition?
If I made less than $6000 in 2014, how much will I be penalized for Obamacare?serious replies only
Explain like I'm an idiot: What do I do with my 401K now that I'm unemployed?
I think someone might be making a fraudulent auto injury claim against me. What can I do?
I started a Roth IRA on Jan 8th 2015. Can I make contributions for 2014?
Where should I open a brokerage account?
I have about $2000 left on a car loan. Should I pay it off early?
How Can I Buy My First Car Without My Parents Having to Be Involved?
Rolling 403b over to IRA? Worth it?
Only one debt now. Pay it off or let it go? (0% interest!)
How much do you spend on pets?
My roommate made the internet bill in my name but has his card. He is constantly late. Is my credit at risk?
Looking for an online bank to autopay bills out of. Does anyone have any personal recommendations? I bank with bank of america at the moment and have been less than please so I'm looking for someone else.
Law student with 2 years left, $8k in credit card debt -- consolidation solutions?
Any suggestions for earmarking money for short term savings goals?
I overfunded my ROTH IRA in 2013 - Can anyone help me?
If I write a good check that bounces for other reasons, can I hold my bank liable for bounced check fees?
$10k in a rollover IRA account. What should I do with it?
Can you legally work more than one job at a time?
My ideal plan is not HSA-eligible. At what point does it make sense to pay more in order to be able to contribute to an HSA?
I have the Chase Freedom and travel a lot. Should I get a Chase Sapphire preferred card?
Should I pay someone to do my taxes?
401k for current year - how aggressively you can put money in?
20 year old seeking advice on taxes. File my own? Or do my parents claim me?
Where to begin with saving money for new graduates?
not sure how to word this.. what kind of banking account should i get?
How often can you do a Roth IRA conversion?
On higher interest rate student loans do I pay extra per month toward the principal balance or the actual interest?
About to take the plunge - critique my 2015 portfolio?
If I can't get my credit report, how likely is it that my identity was stolen?
What should I do if I elected out of tax withholding on an early IRA distribution in 2014?
Pouring money into Vanguard VMVAX, good plan?
Got a letter from a debt collection agency out of the blue. The $45 debt is probably legit. How to protect credit score?
Update on "Tips for a girlfriend(23) who is bad with money?"
When to give up on a career?
Bad idea to finance a car with minimum wage?
How to illustrate how little ~$220k is to a soon-to-retire parent?
Who should claim me on taxes this year?
Contribute to Roth IRA with extra scholarship money?
Tax deductible donations-who can they be made to?
Is there a "right" way to do a car loan?
What happens to my financial aid if I take a semester off of college?
Best way to buy a house with un-established credit?
Can you please help me understand my escrow account?
Would you take a lower salary for a bigger 401(k) match?
When should I use tax exempt?
Surprise NYS Judgement on Credit Report - Fight or Pay?
What is the best 401(k) match offered by a company that you have ever seen?
Where do IRA RMDs go?
Selling mutual fund to buy a used car?
New employer doesn't allow 401k contributions, what are my options?
In Dispute with a Vendor and the Contract Requires Arbitration - Any Suggestions?
Can we get a megathread going with information on all of the different scams, including which "business opportunities" are legit and which are not?
200K Investing in Muni Bonds? Risks / Rewards?
Wife left job - still getting her full paycheck in 401k - what to do?
Doing the math on my quality of life. Should I buy a small house, live alone and break even, or a big house, rent and make income?
What would you do in my situation, and is what I have done so far fine or should I change it?
Credit Card advice! Rewards card for rent payments? Best rewards cards for my purposes.
Saving up for a big trip next year. Keep the money in savings, checkings, or a different account?
What's a safe amount to have leftover after budget? Planning for a new vehicle
What's the best course of action if my husband is co-signer on 60k of his ex-wives student loans?
How do I put a value on overpaying my debt payments?
No credit. Traveling outside the US. Which card avoids Int'l fees and is one I would qualify for?
Thinking about moving primarily because of the cost of living in the area. What are some metrics (primarily quantitative but also qualitative) that you have used to compare different cities?
Should I be worried about Identity Theft?
Opened a Vanguard Roth IRA, how should I invest?
Alternatives ways to come up with down payment for a house?
Going through old records! What's safe to not shred? And what to keep forever?
Should I pay extra on a mortgage if I intend to move?
Setting up PSA? Completely lost.
How much does PF think is appropriate to spend on a car?
There are no recent Yodlee related threads on here. Care to share your tips and tricks?
What's the best approach to getting the best deal on your mortgage?
Credit limit raised?
What is my best option to handle this?
New Amazing MLM????
Went to a doctor without health insurance, they told me it'd cost $50 - just got a bill for $290. What recourse do I have?
Do many Americans have more than $10k debt?
Good or bad investment?
20, never have files taxes, got my first well paying job this year that paid 9k, how do I do this?
Is dental work tax deductible?
Probably a stupid question, but I shouldn't receive nor expect to receive any tax related forms (1099-DIV, etc) for an IRA, right?
Should I be aggressively saving money or pay down my student loans as fast as possible?
High school sophomore here, what are the chances of making it into college for free? (Monetarily, not physically, or mentally)
FASFA and the IRS. Will my parents "trouble" with the IRS be anyway effected by me applying for federal aid?
I'm a current college student - is my current plan okay?
How to Survive Short Term Disability and Medical Bills with Emergency Fund?
I'm 19, employed full time, how do I ensure my financial security?
Does the 3-fund portfolio in the FAQ also pertain to retired individuals? Looking for advice on my parents' wealth investments
I read the FAQ, I'm wondering what I should prioritize as the start, and at what rate should I prioritize it? (CAN) [26/m]
This year I moved, started two new jobs, have a lot of school loans. Who should I look to handle my taxes?
College student with 10k to use (help me plan?)
Bank Sweep in Wells Fargo brokerage Account?
First year making ~100k, bought a house, and exercised company stock options. Should I hire someone to help with my taxes?
ELI5 on Beneficiary Type: What's the difference between "Held In Trust For (ITF)" vs "Payable on Death (POD)"?
Is there any downside to switching funds in an IRA later in the year?
What should I do in this situation without backfiring anything? (AU)
What to do with bankrupt stock in RRSP? (Canada)
20 year old college student, I believe I have made a terrible choice when I got my car. How can I fix/alleviate my situation?
How screwed am I?
Finally saved up 20% for a down payment, but what would you do in my situation?
Help a 22 year old getting out on his own finally?
What do we do with the second house?
Defense Finance &amp; Accounting Service (DFAS) debt charged off and account closed -- do I pay this back before it falls off my report?
I may be taking over my manager's job. What salary should I ask for?
Fiancée has solved cashflow issue (great new job!) and is looking to improve her bad credit. Is there a recommended secured card?
(AU) Should I pursue Index funds, managed funds or ETF?
Whats a good Bank for a college student?
Do I pay for the same repairs for the thousandth time, or suck it up and get a different vehicle?
It's that time of the year. Tax file season. I'm a noob and am thinking about using turbo tax to do it myself does anyone have any recommendations for a freelance worker?
If I deposit (xxxx) amount of money in a bank and don't touch it for a few years, will they close the account?
I zero my credit card every month, but Credit Karma says it's hurting my score. How come?
Is property always a good investment?
How do you guys feel about the rising minimum wage in comparison to your wage?
The wonderful world of credit card benefits: What have you taken advantage of?
Have you ever felt "stuck"? how did you fix it?
Acorns App: opinions?
Is the way Arnold Schwarzenegger first got wealthy still a real option in 2015?
FSA benefit limited due to being a Highly compensated employee.. How is this situation handled?
How do I start saving up for all my adulthood "firsts"?
Working weird hours for extra cash. Is it worth it? (AU)
Trying to repair credit before wedding. Am I approaching this correctly?
Buffer, pay off CC Debt or emergency fund?
Pay down student loans first, or start investing? (KR)
How do I start to furnish this house?
Is there a free and legal way to transfer a traditional IRA into a tax free account such as a life insurance policy?
What should I do with ~$3k for my 60yo mom?
Is it true that you can only receive one hard inquiry on your credit per day?
BF's father is signing his name to bills, spent his inheritance - do we need a lawyer?
401k with only high fee options, should i still max out?
First Time Homer Buyer. What Can I reasonably Afford ?
Loan from foreign parents to avoid PMI?
My Grandmother left me $10000, how do I invest? (18)
Not me, but most of my relatives are limousine drivers in NYC. Every year, they inflate their expenses to get very large tax refunds even though they never paid any taxes. How screwed are they if they get caught?
My name has been under my grandma's credit card for years, giving me great credit over time. Now she's missing payments—what do I do?
Dad gave me a financial offer Im not sure if I should refuse? (Denmark)
How Should i approach paying off my Stafford federal loans?
Start contributing to a 401k or finish off student loans? Discussion of risk aversion
Is there any reason for me NOT to just dump everything into index funds?
US resident transacting Canadian Stock - Tax Implications?
As a rule of thumb, What % of yearly salary should go towards car payments, house payments, leisure spending, and savings per year?
Started work in June of 2014. Gross income is $50,000/year, but since I've only been working since June I've made about half of that (approx. 26,000...) Can I expect to get a lot back on my tax returns?
Do you set up your auto bill pay through your checking account or through the biller's site?
Is an Alliant HSA right for my situation?
My father died last year, do I need to file a return for him?
Military TSP or Vanguard for retirement funds?
Amendments, freelance, just married -- would you go to a professional if you were me?
Just used 6 times the electricity? What am I doing wrong?
Small rollover IRA -- should (if I can) move it to something different?
Experiences with online banks?
How often do you check your portfolio (funds, ETFs etc.)?
To Balance Transfer or Not to Balance Transfer?
Marked "exempt" on my 2014 W2 and have gone the entire year without paying federal income tax, am I screwed?
What should I do with my TSP account?
What should I ask for salary wise?
Need advice on buying a house: how much house and when?
Should I contribute to a traditional IRA or a Roth IRA via the backdoor?
Can I rollover a 401(a) into a 401(k)?
If I'm a contractor but I was only getting paid for about 3 months in 2013 (new job), will I still be taxed heavily even though I am technically below the poverty line?
What are some good financial goals for a college student?
Is it financially beneficial for dad to obtain an attorney in a single vehicle rollover in Wisconsin, where mom died?
Am I Doing this Right? (Budget Review)
Debt - Should I pay off debts first then save or save more now?
Maxed out Traditional 401k, can I contribute to my Traditional IRA?
Can my uncle financially cripple me and my sister?
Does my employer's match to my 401k count towards my overall contribution limit of 18,000 for 2015 ?
I worked a part time job for about a month, the pay was to be scheduled bi-weekly, I've still yet to be payed. What do I do?
Do i have to do my taxes?
Never filed taxes before, is it easy to file them yourself? Recommended to do it online or in person?
Friend wants help with Secured Credit Card, should I?
Do I need a will if I'm in debt?
How do you know when to do something for happiness/sanity and not money?
Do I need 6 months salary exactly?
Should I increase my credit limit?
Just attempted to see FICO score at myFICO.com and it says these's a "mismatch"...?
What Vanguard funds do you currently invest in? Why? What are some you would not invest in? Why?
Still can't figure out if I am considered a dependent or not. Help?
Help understanding the 1095-A?
Could I make it on my own?
Should I buy or rent?
Mortgage Advice: Applying for loan without spouse for a better rate?
[Legal] In the state of California, how can I proof that I bought an used bicycle from a person?
Is it advisable to keep savings separate from investments?
How can I track down both eebt and unpaid taxes?
W-4 Withholding and Allowance?
Is budgeting even worth it, for me?
Just found this subreddit and in dire need to get my life together. I need to learn how to use my money. What books should I read to help me down the right path? I do not have that much, and basically I want to do things that will help me make more besides having just a daily job.
How to separate a joint bank account properly?
[Help] Any place other than savings?
I haven't filed taxes in US since 2011, what happens?
Last chance to qualify for fully deductible Traditional IRA contribution... Traditional or Roth?
How does one prevent financial problems in the most efficient way?
Increase driving distance to save more on rent?
Credit Card With Sky Miles? Worth It? Recommendations?
Thoughts on this investment approach vs. the 3-fund strategy discussed on here?
I can withdraw Roth IRA contributions early without penalty/taxes, right?
I bought my first house in 2014 in New York, how can I get more back on my taxes?
19 Years old with a part time job, any advice on saving for the future?
Interest Rate on Parent loan of $5000?
Im having shoulder surgery soon on one shoulder and then the other. What jobs can I do during this time period?
How do I take advantage if this?
Which has better tax advantage, getting paid under 1099 or W2?
Does closing a bank checking/savings account hurt your credit score at all?
Should I cash in my bonds for student loans?
Can someone ELI5 why the IRS doesn't just send me a bill every year instead of me having to figure it all out myself?
Where to put money as a high school student?
How do I diplomatically tell my in-laws their new financial advisor might be screwing them?
Can a few missed credit card payments affect my chances of obtaining a private student loan?
Possible 1k$+ Owed in Taxes - Options??
My post-grad job - while in-field and fulfilling - isn't getting me where I want financially. What can I dO? (CA)
(US) I never filed my 2013 taxes but I did pay an estimate in April 2014, how do I proceed?
Reddit millionaires, how did you make your first million?
UPS scandal help?
I make less than 35K/yr, why is my tax 20%?
How to save money for a 5-10 year goal?
Will this somehow bite me in the butt?
Feeling bad about taking a vacation. Should I go now while I have the opportunity or wait until finances are less of a concern?
Really complicated (for me) tax situation this year, thinking of using a tax professional but never have before, how do I find someone who knows what they're doing?
Bank employees of reddit, what criteria do you use to rank customers based on their value to you, and what are the tiers of said criteria?
Considering loan consolidation. Is there a best option?
spammy sounding email from my mortgage agent, is it worth checking out?
I am a medical student with an extra 4k in loans that I won't use but already have, what should I do with it?
Why is it when a stock receives a buy rating it is considered a "downgrade" or considered to be "lowered to a buy rating?"
I will be claimed as a dependent and I pay for school. How should I file my taxes?
How/When do I start budgeting?
Level Money is an excellent spending tracker app... What other apps do you guys use?
Debating moving back home to aggressively pay off debt. Does it seem necessary?
Will breaking this contract affect my credit?
What is the difference between Form W4 exemptions and 1040 exemptions?
Should I purchase a new bike?
Moving to Europe: what do we do with our car?
Charitable donations taxed as income?
Joint bank account for wedding--recommendations?
Anyone else start getting shady mail after signing up for credit karma?
Should I get a CPA for this year's taxes? - ESPP, multi-state
Father wants to claim me as dependent for half a year?
Which strategy makes more sense? Collections vs Paying down car loan.
Made mistakes when I was younger, Now making 90k+ and married with a home, It's time to get serious, Am I on the right track?
[Misc] (EU, Italy-France) Is getting a degree in economics worth raking up 20k in debt for me and my familty?
Started investing with acorns.com. Trying to make up for lost time. Any advice or warnings?
(CA) How am I doing?
Question - Is the VA Loan Funding Fee Tax Deductible?
Can anyone provide some charts/data for me?
Can my SO and I REALLY afford a home?
Is paying down student debt always better than investing for retirement? Even with compounding factored?
Cost basis accounting - can someone ELI5?
Emergency Fund-How to put a monthly percentage away through the bank?
Homeowners insurance policy cancelled with no notification to us. What to do next?
Should I pay off my student loans aggressively at the risk of having no savings for the next few years? (UK)
Does claiming my mother as a dependent affect her future SSI eligibility?
Should I raise my credit limit?
[US] If I made less than $400 from a single employer last year, do I have to include the information on my taxes?
How do you move to a state far away with no family or friends or any other type of financial support?
Is there a way to get financial aid for college while still in high school?
My parents have my gram living with them, fully supporting her and taking care of her. Can they claim her as a dependent on taxes? How will that affect my gram as she does get SSI, pension, etc?
23 Years old. When is it safe to buy a house instead of renting?
Am I able to claim the money I've spent attempting to switch industries on my taxes?
Sudden plunge in my credit score because of one-time personal emergency. Help?
How do I do a balance transfer of CC debt and how do I know which company to choose and avoid being denied?
Would I inherit a retirement account?
Tax question about Schedule K-1 from 2013 that was not included in my return last year. Should I add it to my 2014 return, or file an amended 2013 return?
Can someone help me with decisions about pension and national insurance please? (UK)
thinking of having kids but seem to always be broke? any advice
Just making double-sure - a 401(k) is considered an "employer sponsored retirement plan" correct? If it is, is Roth IRA a better investment?
Have you downsized your home to reduce expenses? How did it go? Was it worth it?
Loan from 401k to pay off student loans?
Should I get a mortgage without a down payment?
Can someone more savvy than myself give me some investment advice? More info inside (obviously).
Will brokers waive annual fees to keep you as a customer?
Is it possible to change 401k providers?
$1000/week for 25 years ($1.3m Total) or instant payout of $675,000?
Ideas to bring in extra income?
Is there a general rule or any advice for how much one should spend/invest in furniture?
May only being living in current city for 3 more years. Is it safe to buy a home, or should we just rent?
Bank holding me responsible for fraudulent check deposit. What are my legal options?
Have you ever heard of somebody making a solid income yet having absolutely no money and no debt?
Any veterans mind telling me how to get my W-2?
Multiple 401K accounts... Should I consolidate?
Have you ever heard of someone making a solid income and having zero debt, yet they are always completely broke?
Purchase condo or wait to buy a house in another state?
Best credit card for travel points?
How to save for a house?
Has anyone heard of Student Loan Education Center?
Group Life Insurance premium of $1188/year for $1MN coverage as part of employment benefits. Good or Bad?
Debt collector fees - What's considered legal?
Thoughts on digit.co?
Has anyone considered buying hedges against the employment market for your field?
Can someone good at this type of math help figure out when I will pay principal on my student loan again?
I need a 6K loan. Is there any companies besides my bank that I could look into?
Benefits of Good / Excellent Credit?
Losing job at end of the week, can I modify my W4 to keep more of the last checks?
Bill Workers Comp SHOULD have paid sent to collections-now what?
How can parents give me ~$550K in loan towards house without paying taxes?
Should I refinance my car loan?
(AU)&lt;-&gt;(USA) As an American (with a Green Card Holding husband) living in Brisbane, Australia, can anyone offer Tax Filing Advice?
Planning on leaving SO but we share a car loan and a credit card?
Should we take out a car loan, or not? Messy situation.
Should my wife and I bid on a 860k condo as our first home?
Why do I end up owing the IRS money on my taxes?
Is a Tax Adviser / CPA worth it?
I have to pay $1500 for a meal plan i can't use?
I got an offer from an organization (Select Student Loan) claiming to help me pay off my student loans. Legit or no?
Company Phone = $100/month savings. Worth it?
How to add money to prepaid card from abroad?
When my credit is figured, do they look at my total credit line or individual accounts?
Is it financially smarter to go to a low-tier school for a low price or to go to a top-tier school for some extra money?
cosign brothers car loan?
What can I do about $17,000 in medical bills?
Should I pay my estimated taxes with a credit card or via direct debit?
Loan Refinance + Gradually declining interest rate?
How to protect 401k investment if stock market tanks ?
What will happen to my dads business?
I'm getting paid $200 a week for the next 50 weeks, what should I do with it?
Moving out-of-state. What should we do with our kid's 529 account?
Roll 401k into Roth IRA, while still employed?
I'm an university student in Italy, am I spending my money right? (ITA)
Can I claim student loan interest on taxes if I am only the cosigner on the loan but I've been making the payments?
What is the best way to avoid/minimize capital gains tax from selling our rental property?
How long did it take you to rebuild your emergency fund after using it?
Is there a good alternative to 401k if you want more liquid access to the cash?
Thoughts on FutureAdvisor?
My work just gave us advance pay that we have to return at the end of our employment. What do I do with the money?
Should I go back to school or continue searching for a job?
What are my options if I deposit cash through an ATM and it does not post to my account? The bank audited the ATM and claims there was no overage.
When should I still my old car to maximize trade in value and avoid major repairs?
Any advice for secondary income?
Roth IRA acceptable as an emergency fund?
To Save or to Move?
What to do when a sold business receives a check?
Just got an "interest check" in the mail from a bank I don't bank with. What should I do?
Should I balance transfer?
Does a Company owe taxes on money it pays to an Independent Contractor?
Want to move out of my parents house, where should I start?(NL)
Buying a house to reduce monthly expenses?
Have you and your significant other made the intentional choice to embrace being a single income family?
Paying off debt, which bank should we go with?
Just started working last month, December 1, 2014. Do I need to ask for a W-2?
Pay off remaining student loan and finance rest of college through cash?
I thought that debit cards were declined when you had no money in the bank. So how do accounts become overdrawn?
Should you plan on Social Security benefits when planning on retirement?
I'm getting paid $200 a week for the next 50 weeks, what should I do with it?(Update)
What to do? Should I pay off undergrad debt or save for grad school?
My wife refuses to change her driver's license from her parents' out-of-state address. Is this a problem?
No International investment option, which of these Fidelity funds are best?
What is my Credit Score?
If I electronically transfer money to a credit card, where does that money go?
Worked second job part time for only a few weeks. W2 income should be &lt;$300. Do I need to wait for that W2 to come in before filing my taxes?
Collage located 60+ miles from where I live. I'm currently only making $9 an hour, how do I prepare?
Roth vs. 401K? Or split? Company matches both
Should I pay the rest of my house lease in full, or keep the money in a savings account and pay rent monthly?
Leaving job, what happens to FSA money?
What should I do with $10k inheritance? May need to access some funds in ~2 years...
Is it possible to combine Vanguard accounts if you're not married? Are there tax implications?
How do I manage a lump sum of cash when I need access to it over 18 months for a wedding?
Help with budgeting?
How can a teenager make the most of a minimum wage job?
I am 18 years old and my dad died a few years ago. I received a large sum from social security and the generosity of others. What do I do?
Can I currently afford to save for and buy a house?
Just need some advice. Need to roll over my 401k. Schwab or Vanguard? Roth or Traditional? My situation inside.
Is it worth it to use a paid tax return service for a simple living situation?
How much should I invest in my company's stock purchase program?
Can I afford to buy a house next year? What would you do in my situation?
20 years old, soon to make over $200,000 on an account (pre-taxes)... I'm having an odd level of anxiety. What do I do with all this? What sort of taxation should I expect?
Second job/supplementary income ideas? (CA)
I'm 30, with about 60k in my 401k. How should I have my contributions distributed?
What's the best way of moving forward with my vehicle loan? (CAN)
401k Fund Options w/ Expense Ratio - Any Good or Bad ones to note?
Keep a $180K HELOC at 4.00% or lock in a 30-year $180K at 3.875%?
Deciding how I should fund my future… 401k, Roth, a separate brokerage account, etc.? More details inside with financial breakdown.
Direct Payday loan lenders?
Is there a standard for financial CSV files?
Best place to get 2013 tax year software or online?
Better for me to invest extra capital or pay down mortgage principle?
If you have a SO, how much do you spend on date nights?
My company over paid me commission in June 2014 and wants their money back now after 2014 is closed out. What can/should I do?
What is the effect of payment son closed credit card accounts?
Student loan question?
Retail Share Class vs. Institutional Share Class?
TD Ameritrade ESA users: 3 fund lazy portfolio recommendations?
No Employer Matching for 401k, No Current Retirement Accounts Open - Should I go With a 401k or IRA?
Keep or cancel longest active credit card? (CA)
Debt-free college student looking to invest?
When should I begin applying for college loans or the 2015-2016 school year?
Just Moved My Roth IRA, Did I Do The Right Thing?!
At what interest rate would you advise someone to pay off a student loan early?
Paying for college, is a state school worth it?
26. Married. DINK. How should we be saving for retirement?
Save more, or Avalanche Debt?
Refinancing my newish mortgage?
Looking to buy a used car from an owner. Can a bank finance for me?
Sallie Mae rewards card requires either student loans or Upromise account to redeem awards, but I see people here recommend it even for non-students?
Hi. Should I use a real estate agent to help buy a home?
New job overseas, how can I lower my tax burden?
Soon to be US Naval Officer - Advice on how to best utilize my benefits/options?
House sale 3 years ago, ok to toss paperwork?
How much money should I put toward my RRSP?
Any restrictions to withdrawing from UTMA account while it's still under custodian's control?
Company that reimburses the travel starts after x miles - is this right?
What's my next step in continuing to build my credit?
If I just make minimum payments on my credit card for months, does that negatively affect my credit score?
When you earned money for the first time, how did you feel?
Girlfriend is getting served papers for an old debt tomorrow. She can't afford to accept their offers and they're threatening to freeze her account. Help?
Visualizing spending with past bank .CSV statements in Excel?
What are the downsides to transferring existing credit card debt onto a new credit card with promotional rates?
Advice for my bf that cashed out his 401k but didn’t pay the tax on it?
Moved back home (Overseas) and left a checking/savings account in USA. Should I close it?
How will refinancing my car loan affect my credit score?
Can my parents (cosigners) remove my name (liability) from my fed. student loans? (assume responsibility etc)
Just received OSAP ~ What's next?
28yo to start investing or not? (AU)
To bring my 03 Hyundai Elantra (106k mi) to a "Cars for Cash" place (~$1000), or donate for a tax write-off (~$2500)?
No debt and low salary: how do I plan for the future?
I currently have 5 CC, but none with great cash back rewards. Would it be a wise idea to open a card with great rewards and put all expenses on it?
How much rent can I afford?
Moving to a city two hours away, can't rent without a job but need a job to afford security deposit. Loan/line of credit?
Obamacare and tax credit, and how much of tax credit to use?
How do you do it? That is save money?
How to Reduce Food Costs on Family Budget?
I am enlisted in the military; should I open a Roth or traditional IRA?
Should I refinance?
A question aimed at the others who screwed up their education (dropped out, overborrowed, no assistance from family, etcetcetc). Where do you go from here?
Bought house in May. Got offer to refinance and it looks good, but is it too soon? What pitfalls should I look for?
Bought a house.... hate it. have a newborn? How can i save 60k?
What is your bank account balance like?
Should I sell my mutual fund to open a new one?
Where is my money going?
College student- Saving or paying off debt?
18 year old with 40k in the bank and a 50k salary. What would be some wise choices?
What should I do? Should I spend $2,500-$3,000 on dental tourism?
Pay fully up front for a 24 mo. car lease?
Will applying for numerous credit cards in a short period of time hurt me if I have no credit history?
I have a student credit card. Is it best to pay off any balance on the card immediately, or is it better to wait until the due date?
My mom is finally going to start contributing to her 401K at 61 yrs of age. Roth or traditional?
$70,000 in credit card debt. Best way to settle?
Should I craigslist my car or donate it?
Refinancing a vehicle loan- where to start?
Strategy to invest $500/month in taxable accounts - target retirement funds, or something else?
Would you use a mobile app that "gamified" savings to save more money?
Would I lose my car in a bankruptcy?
Just landed a nice salaried job. How hard-core should we be in paying off debt?
Should I take out student's loan and then invest it? (EU)
(UK) Living pay-check to pay-check with a few spare £'s left, what should I do with it?
What is Paypal Credit?
Changing Credit Cards - Avoiding losing credit limit?
I'm 18(M) and I want to be financially comfortable as soon as possible, what is the best way to do that?
Retirement savings overseas?
Stay-at-home moms (and dads)... what do you do to help out with the family income???
Roth IRA put money in bi-weekly?
I'm getting laid off in a couple of months. What do I need to remember to do that I may not thought of?
Married filing jointly or separately for student loan purposes?
[Question] I think I have a problem spending money, how can I make a lasting change?
PF, thank you for helping me come to my senses....Okay, so what type of used vehicle should I buy?
Is it possible to take vacations and travel when you have student loan debt?
How often should I check my aggressive 401k?
Is it ever UN-WISE to refinance a student loan?
Anyone have any experience in boat financing?
Tip: Have a roommate or live in companion and want to save on your Comcast? switch the bill from person to person every year to take advantage of the introductory rate.
Possible IRS Scam?
Emergency room visit question?
I'm 18. My father is making me feel uncomfortable. How MUCH should I help him?
Has anyone else tried out Dave Ramsey's EveryDollar beta? It's like YNAB.
Cancelling credit cards and your utilization score?
Starting a second FT job as independent contractor - how should I segregate and organize my finances and expenses?
[Taxes] Reporting interest earned across multiple savings accounts?
Non self directed investment options?
Barely making enough to live a financially stable life, certainly not enough to get ahead. Help?
When in the buying process should I shop for a mortgage?
How screwed am I? IRS/tax advice please
Vanguard Index Fund vs. ETF what's the difference?
I just lowballed myself in salary negotiations, can I ask for more without looking like an idiot?
What's your experience with asking your card company to waive the annual fee?
How bad is having no credit actually?
Pay off student loans fast or keep money in stocks?
28, MD/DC Metro area - Can I afford to buy a house?
Do I max out my 401k or pay for school?
Is this the best fiscal move to make given my situation, what are your thoughts?
Advice needed: Should I sell house and buy new, or rent out old house and buy?
Should I Invest My Emergency Fund?
Is this life insurance policy worth keeping?
(UK) Student in UK with 25k Pounds - what to do?
Should I contribute to IRA if I'm over the income limit?
Can I afford to go back to school?
Payoff Mortgage or Invest?
Wasn't sure whether to post this to r/nostupidquestions, but is this some sort of scam?
Keep Prudential Variable Life Insurance policy?
I don't know too much about the stock market, but I feel like now would be a good time to invest in 3D printers. How would I go about doing that? And should I?
Which credit card or loan to pay off first?
What to do with my tax refund? Student loans or retirement account?
Paid estimated federal and state taxes. Now what?
Pay down student loans, invest, put into house, etc?
Friend's Mother Passed Away, What can he do about his financial situation?
How much should I divide my income among multiple priorities when I graduate from college?
My(25M) fiance (25F) wants to combine all of our finances. She believes this is a further commitment to us spending the rest of our lives together. What are the pros and cons? Is this a smart move?
Want to buy a used car. How much can I afford to spend?
How much should I spend on a car?
How should I divide my income among multiple priorities when I graduate from college?
What is the first thing you did after you got out of debt?
Should I give a figure or let them choose?
Switching to Schwab HY Checking - any realistic disadvantages to not having local branches?
Why is PF so miserly/risk-averse?
Moved to NYC, tax rate through the roof, should I change from Roth to Traditional IRA?
Can a sorry excuse for a parent claim their adult child living abroad?
Should I buy a house? Or should I invest elsewhere?
Writing a check to myself to transfer funds from one bank to another possible?
Are the tax benefits worth it for a home state 529 plan vs a better performing plan?
Help! Should I consolidate these student loans?
What do I need to know before getting health insurance? (Low income)
Am I doing okay with my budget?
Portfolio check?
Am I crazy for not wanting to invest into a pension scheme?
I am 17 and need some help on how to not spend all of the money that I make right away?
Is Quicken Essentials really this bad, or just their customer service "experts"?
What should i do with my 401k after i quit?
I cannot create a budget for myself for the life of me. Assistance?
Landlord's repair guy cut a hole in drywall due to A/C leaking and never returned to repair it. Can this be deducted from our security deposit? (x-post from /r/legaladvice)
How do I even make sense of this situation? Need some advice on tax bill payment mixup?
With housings costs rising by 4% per year in my city and interest rates bound to go up, when does it make sense to buy without 20% down?
Help: My wife wants to buy a condo/house in Tempe, AZ for my step son to live in for two years at ASU. Is this the worst idea in the world?
Does taking a single college class affect your taxes in any way?
Can my parents claim me?
Canceling a credit card?
Will opening a savings/checking account show up on my credit report?
TurboTax or hire an accountant?
Personal loan to consolidate credit cards, worth it?
Should I spend my 3k on a car or on the dentist?
Im 19 years old and recently was able to save 500$. Not much but its a start. I want to invest maybe in starting a retirement fund, or long term investment. Is it worth starting now? Or will 500$ not make a big difference 40 years from now?
I didn't negotiate the job offer, what can I do now a few months in?
How can I make the most of $5,000 as a teen?
Should I be getting a new credit card?
Would love a 2nd job/work from home at night to help pay off bills...is that possible?
How are Federal Income Tax, Social Security Tax, Medicare Tax, and State Income Tax collected? Are they collected before you make 401K and Medical/Dental deductions?
Ex-roommate still hasn't paid me for 2 months of rent 8 months later. What can I do? (US, California)
I have excellent credit (800+). What things should I be doing to take advantage of my score?
I am fortunate enough to have excellent credit (800+). What things should I be doing to take advantage of my score? How can I do to make my score better work for me?
Full-time job, want to take part in LLC, how can this affect unemployment benefits?
Didn't file taxes last year and need help this year. Who can I talk to?
It's looking like I may have to draw out my 401(k) savings to make it. What do I need to know, and is this a good plan?
Are there any Australian investing websites similar to livewiremarkets?
How much legal power do Loan Stores have in getting their money back?
Should I apply for a new credit card?
Buying a condo: did I check all the boxes? (CA)
Capital Gains Question: "Double Tax?" Situation inside
Got a $10k raise but am only seeing a $40 increase in my paycheck; can someone please help me understand?
Will taking a 0% finance offer affect my credit rating? (UK)
Of those who have income property/rentals how often does a renter destroy your property?
I found out my employer has been payer me less than agreed wage, among other things. Help?
Any advice on how to get a better paying job?
Student worker, I discovered my employer hasn't been paying our agreed wage, among other things. Help?
Tax question: What's the policy on claiming a deceased dependent?
Was told to post this here: If I leave work for 2 months and give my employer adequate notification can they fire me? Will I be entitled to severance? They gave me relocation money that I have to pay back if I quit. Will this count as quitting? (Ontario, Canada)
Should I buy a car?
MN to CA- To move or not?
My taxable investments paid dividends and a short-term capital gain in 2014 which were auto-reinvested. Do I need to consider them on taxes?
I'm 25 and I have $10,000 to play with, but would like to make money with my savings. What are my best options?
New to the USA- medical debt I thought was being autopaid now in collections and being charged 'agency interest'. What can I do?!
PF: I have a meeting with someone to learn about investments. What should I be asking?
I'm about to finish my first car lease in a little over a year. Should I lease a new car or get a loan to purchase a new or used car?
Setting up a second "irrevocable trust"?
Can someone read over my Mock Business-Plan?[WIP]
Should I buy $7K of car in cash or spend more and finance?
Sudden weird income boost situation, what do? (tax and investment advice)
Engagement Ring Budget?
How am I doing? 401k, Roth, brokerage, cash....
Student Credit Cards for students going abroad?
Does anyone have a square reader?
Young couple with no debt and ~50K cash on hand; should we visit a financial planner? (x-post r/portfolios)
My GF just bought a car from CarHop. How badly did she get screwed and what are her other options?
I sent a bunch of $$$ to TDAmeritrade to start my kids' college funds. Now what????
If I take leave of absence, do I qualify for unemployment?
For those of us with Swiss bank accounts, what is the best action?
On a day-to-day basis, what are the advantages of having a credit card over a debit card?
How can I maximize my return on my tax refund?
How much do your kids cost each month?
How much do your kids cost each month?
I just graduated but would like to continue my education. Does anyone know of scholarships that can be used that most don't? or what federal loans are available?
Credit Should I increase credit limit or get new card?
Can a loan be discharged on the basis of disability if there is a cosigner?
It's tax season. I'm 22YO, out of college with a FT job, living alone. Is it worth going to a tax preparer like HR Block, or is just doing my own 1040EZ form enough?
How to withdraw from vanguard roth ira to pay for education?
How to withdraw from vanguard roth ira early to pay for education?
Here is my actual monthly budget in numbers - How can I increase my surplus?
How do I do what that Acorns app does but without the app?
(off topic) What other subjects/disciplines have you taken the time to learn that have dramatically paid off?
CD 1.30% APY, 15 months, minimum 1,000. Is this worth doing?
Can you negotiate a lower auto insurance renewal rate?
Best place to do tax returns online?
Do I need TurboTax Premier or will Deluxe suffice?
Take low interest student loan to pay off debt? (SWE)
$20,500 in debt, no job, twins on the way. What can I do?
How do i make a living for myself at home? (uk)
Poor students just got a bit less-poor: Where would you put an unexpected lump-sum of money?
Insurance Company overpaid provider by ~30k, charging me 10% co-insurance. Is this legal?
How much help to a credit file is being an authorized user?
If I overpaid taxes for the year, do I still need to send in a 4th quarter tax payment today?
Joint Bank Accounts for unmarried couples - bank recommendations?
Is there a reason NOT to consistently get new credit cards?
How to pay for stolen stuff?
Am I saving enough?
If I pay my CC balance off each month, why is Credit Karma rating my utilization as a C?
How does Forbearance work?
Is it worth making a payment to my mortgage, in order to get a larger HELOC amount?
If I cant get a credit card because I don't have any credit established, how do I establish credit??
401K to Roth IRA and withdrawal to avoid fees?
over Roth IRA income maximum- options?
Any advantages with Mint Bills over my banks online bill pay?
What is a good debt-to-income ratio for someone turning 30?
0% balance transfer: Good idea or not?
How is interest calculated?
What should we cover during a talk about our future together? (finance-wise)
What are the disadvantages of primarily using a credit card?
Review my term and supplemental disability insurance offers?
Can someone help me with advice about my mother who didn't save for retirement and fights between me and my husband that our differences in opinion on how to manage this is causing?
What should I be doing with my savings/excess funds?
Trade in paid-off car or drive it until it dies?
Recent College Grad - What should I do before my 401k starts?
Investing small HSA balance or no?
Is it worth investing in a car park space (UK)?
What is the best way to get the most back on taxes?
Use my savings or take a loan?
Can a dormant credit card cause a 30 point decrease?
Landlord said they are keeping deposit. Please help?
What IRA provider does Reddit recommend?
Rcv'd Letter from Bank about my Car loan (lowered my int. rate) Is this normal?
Does reimbursement from insurance have to go back into my HSA?
Just lost my job, is there anything I should know before going on welfare?
Where is the best place to get a car loan from?
How to Find Out if Getting Tax Return? Just Got Student Loans Out of Default
Lender Paid Mortgage Insurance (LPMI) - what's it really worth?
2 CC balances, emergency fund, and upcoming student loan repayment: which to work on first?
Eliminating Debt, saving, and building EF while maintaining a tight budget. Use EF to pay debt? Help!?!?
Where do you do your banking? Looking for competitive interest rates.
Does anyone have experience with Upstart for debt consolidation?
Lost my job early 2014. Made $8200 instead of the usual $40,000+ the last 3 years. Tax advice?
Why does everyone have a problem with us (M/F married) for keeping our finances separate?
Am I SOL for American Opportunity Tax Credit?
Having to pay tax back to IRS even after correction last year. How are our paycheck deductions supposed to be set up?
Student loans are due next month, what is my best repayment option?
State taxes not being deducted?
Job Offer Negotiations: They Came Up Only 2.6% And Resent Me Official Offer - Do I Have Any Moves Left?
Invest in an IRA after my company match or continue into 401k?
Made non tax advantaged investment contributions for the first time (2014). Does this have tax implications?
Investment question - Roth IRA or?
Insuring a move?
Does paying off student loans negatively affect credit score?
What is Indexed Universal Life Insurance and is it a worthwhile investment?
When do interest rates on savings accounts change?
Contributed less than the $5.5k limit into my IRA, but am looking to max it by April 2015 for 2014 - what do I put if I file for taxes right now?
Reddit, what can i do to make some extra cash? Without burning a hole in my pocket
Are credit repair services actually worth it?
How to bring up a raise before performance evaluations?
Using my tax refund to finally clear a little CC debt, but how should I approach this?
Do I need a w2 from my old employer during October 2013 for 2014 taxes?
20 y/o Just got a job, now what?
Where should I look to save my business?
ISP has sent me a bill with a $98 credit on it for 2 years 1 month. Can they come back for payment?
I have a 1.71% car loan. I have the cash - should I pay it off early or try to find another way to make money with the cash?
Refinancing mortgage: from 25 years down to 20 years, or up to 30 years?
What would happen to a persons bank account and other financials if s/he were cryogenically frozen for an extended period of time?
Which sort of student loan should i be looking for (part time masters degree)?
Starting first job in mid February, but employer withholding taxes based on full year salary. How many allowances should I claim?
Applied for a credit account for dental care and now I realize I won't use it, was it a mistake?
I'm considering consolidating or refinancing my $70,000+ student loan debt (both private and federal loans). Does anyone have experience with SoFi, or other general advice on the matter?
Keep maxing my Roth or pay for college?
What is the best way to shop for mortgage rates?
16 and worried about future, some advice?
Hello, 22 year old here looking into becoming a FA or FP, has anyone got into the profession without paying/attending traditional schooling?
How do I file for taxes?
Would it be wise to pay off some of my student loans in bulk using inheritance money?
Does anyone have experience with SoFi student loan consolidation? Or other general advice on the matter?
21 - Never had a Credit Card! Where to start? No Credit History
Brokerage account?
When to apply for Chase Sapphire Preferred?
Do credit card transfer fees come from the account being transferred from or the account being transferred to?
Should We Buy A House?
I don't qualify to view my own credit report?
Need help..... according to my credit report I'm deceased......how do i fix this?
Ready to open up a CD. What bank offers the best bang for my buck?
Determined an old debt with a utility is not only invalid, but should have shown a negative balance. How do I handle the collections?
Keeping identity safe after a questionable transaction?
Should I fix ny current car, or get a loan and buy a used one?
Should I consolidate my wife and I's student loans? Is it a good idea?
Can you re-finance student loans (the ones you got via the U.S. Government) and are there any benefits of doing such?
need help with taxes for 2015...best form for 2 states?
Buy a car with Cash or invest the cash and get a low interest loan?
What is a good "starter" credit card?
If I work for a non profit do I need to pay federal income taxes?
I just opened a saving/checking account with 1400 in it. Advice??
Why is a Roth IRA not available for higher incomes?
How should my wife and I handle this?
Friends husband walked out and cancelled cards. Left with 2 year old child. What can she do?
Boyfriend just got laid off, what steps do we need to take now?
What is the best way to take care of charge - off on credit report?
Any way to get around high 401k fees?
Just got approved for my first credit card! Any tips for someone with little to no credit?
Escrow refund going to wrong address. Is Wells Fargo full of it?
I was in a crash, can't work, have $90k, What should I do with it? (CA)
Overseas relative left 350k to me am I crazy for just sitting on it?
Received a bill from years ago, what next?
With the debt I have, should I sell my stuff? Help!
Graduate student option to start 403(b) but no employer contribution. Is there an incentive to this plan?
Filing taxes on a job that I held for exactly 1 week?
(CA) (taxes) Complicated taxes year - should I use HR Block? Or do it myself?
What is the best way to pay off a mortgage/student loan?
Can you re-finance student loans (the ones you got via the U.S. Government) and are there any benefits of doing such?
Question. What would be more beneficial towards me on my tax return if I claim myself as an independent or have my parents claim me as a dependent again?
My parents have a lot of debt from their business that crashed in 2008. Will opening Credit Karma accounts do anything negative?
Taxes: Form 1099-Misc?
put extra into 401k beyond 17500 or put into regular investment acct?
How do you folks allocate fun money without feeling guilty?
$5,000,000 with no Stock Investing... What would you do?
Being Hired Full Time from Freelancing: Includes 30% Paycut. This makes me sad. What do I do?
The house my sister was renting just burned down, along with most of her belongings. What advice can I give?
(NZ), Best way to invest 1k?
When should I refinance my auto loan?
Is there a company that will consolidate my student loans?
Rent or buy with $300,000 in student loan debt already?
Should I open this checking account or no?
extra income with affiliate marketing?
Using a broker for insurance - good or bad idea?
[UK] When calculating household income do you include benefits?
What happens if i dont get a credit card?
Should i get a car?
(CH) Should I buy euros?
TMobile pay as you go and bad credit (US)?
Renting my 1st home to a friend. She wants to have her contractor ex-husband do repairs (very needed) and have the materials and labor be credited to the rent. I love the idea, but how do I need to protect my self?
Paying off higher interest loan with a lower % loan?
Any reason not to consolidate student loans? can I consolidate other loans with the student loans?
$1000 outstanding on my car loan went to collections, is it too late to undo this?
Are AA funds good enough?
Why is contributing to a Roth IRA more important than contributing to a Roth 401k?
Advice on what to do with my wife's stagnant money market account from a job she had 6 years ago?
What's the best way to pay off credit card debt?
Why should I open an IRA if I have a savings?
I forgot to file State taxes last year. What should I do?
Just calculated W4, can anyone double check?
Getting out of PMI, cash in partial 401k?
Does anyone have a favorite financial software that manages your budget?
Is it true that mortage lenders only look for the 4 C's? Capital, Collateral, Credit, and Capacity? Are there any other factors for first time buyers?
Best and quickest way to rectify a charge-off on a credit report?
Can you combine the American Opportunity Tax Credit along with your Student Loan Interest for tax deductions?
What to do with small 401(k) + plans for future?
Had a kid. How do I manage their money until they grow up?
I was issued 5,000 shares by a startup that I work for. Would this mean that I cannot e-file for 2014 because I have to attach a copy of my 83(b) with my return?
Where to put general savings &amp; home downpayment savings?
What should we be doing with our money - aggressively paying down student loans? Saving?
Variable Universal Life policy questions. How do I read the policy illustration/summary of benefits? (US)
Net Worth Calculations, Mortgage, and Real Estate?
I'm a freelancer, and I have to provide proof of income to rent an apartment. Where do I start?
Index fund that excludes oil companies?
Can you refinance student loan debt?
[UK] Was a soletrader, now full time employed, what do I do about a tax return?
As a high net worth individual, what tools do you use to find a financial advisor, other than a referral?
How do I find out who bought me a savings bond?
$1200/ month in student loans, Sallie Mae tells me theres nothing I can do to lowered my monthly payment... What can I do, what are my options? [X-Post from /r/Advice]
Do Lending Companies Who Shop Around for Mortgages for You Hurt Your Credit?
As a high net worth individual, what tools do you use to find a financial advisor, other than a referral?
Does this sound reasonable?
How to start saving for my son?
currently saving to home-buy, questions about mortgages though?
How do I get the most money out of my situation ?
Leased a truck, want out of the lease early. Advice?
Home down payment - when should I stop putting that cash into long term taxable index funds at Vanguard and just start saving it?
How do I get rid of my mortgage insurance?
Any thoughts on the Acorns app?
Changing jobs, should I roll my 401k or leave it alone?
Worth applying for credit cards if slightly under minimum income requirement?
Should we refinance?
Multiple Savings Account Question?
Any way to make pre-tax contributions without a 401k?
Advice on savings accounts?
What to do with inheritance? - UK
I have a joint brokerage account with my Fiancee (where we keep our non tax advantaged investments). How do taxes work on a joint account?
New boiler installed in rental duplex - Repair or Improvement?
My mortgage strategy - does it make sense?
Is This Permanent Life Ins. Policy Worth Keeping?
can't get approved for conventional mortgage...assest-backed or portfolio mortgage? (xpost r/mortgages)
I've saved $10,000 Any recommendations? invest? keep saving?
Roll over 401(k) to IRA before April?
Intern to entry level. What do I need to know?
Should my wife and I combine our finances?
Lost my job, have $100 in the bank and a wedding/big move on the horizon. Options?
Do TIPS have less interest rate risk if an interest rate increase would be related to a increase in inflation?
Received a pre-screened offer from Citi Diamond Preferred MasterCard CC. Should I take it ? If not, any other good cards ?
How much house should I really afford? Online calculators give larger than expected numbers.
Is a home equity LOC right for me? (cdn)
People who are "doing it right": how much do you pay per month on various categories, such as rent/mortgage, auto loans, gas, student loans, utilities, food, etc.?
What's the best way to sell a car I still owe $ on?
Canadian here. What are my (stable) options for growing money after I max out my TFSA?
Can anyone explain the difference between base pay and PERF pay?
I heard filing 83b elections are smart - but as a non-resident am I allowed to file one with a SSN that's valid for work only?
[AUS] Is it OK to pay down a loan with a fee-free redraw option to a token amount (-$100) and let it sit as our EF while we pay down other debt?
How to lock up my social security number from new credit cards and loans?
Vested amount in 401(k) is around half of the account balance three years after leaving that company?
I'm a professor who teaches future teachers and am thinking of reviving my financial literacy blog. Any suggestions for topics (for students) related to living within their means, establishing a bright financial future, etc.?
Auto Finance: Start in Company Lease, or continue current Loan?
Am I crazy for considering buying a house?
Getting some of my income from EU - taxes?
Should I refi my FHA mortgage to take advantage of recent MIP decrease?
How do I plan for retirement?
If I've open a Traditional IRA this month to fully fund 2014 contributions and backdoor to Roth IRA, how does this affect my 2014 taxes?
Anyone in here over the age of 30 and changed their careers? I'm sick of my job and want to do something different not related to my current job in any way.
What happens if you stop paying your credit cards?
Looking to refinance my auto loan. It's about 5.1%, was a first time buyer with some credit. What should I look for?
$100 internet a month, I wonder if i can live without internet/Netflix?
Can a collector call me after the account has fallen off my credit report?
http://payhmm.com/?ref=33287
pre-med student, 26yo male, broke. managing finances at this point worthwhile?
I'm 23, make $14/hr, and am $70k in debt. What should I do?
I [24M] have just inherited a lot, including £250,000+ in an untaxed foreign bank account - what should I do?
Question: Should I pay off my mortgage, car, or neither?
Feedback on budget, investment plans?
I have cleared all of my 4 credit cards out of debt. Capital One, Best Buy, Rooms to Go &amp; Amazon. My Capital One card is my oldest account by 8 years. Should I close the other 3?
How is buying a condo different than a house? First time buyer, looking for info.
Startup Partnership, Can't create bank account just yet, will it hurt my taxes if income goes into my account for a short period?
What to do about an auto loan?
if I work for a non profit do I need to pay federal income taxes?
I'm getting emails from Mint.com about saving money on taxes with an IRA. What is it, should I consider it, and if so should it be Traditional or Roth? Can anyone break it down or point me down the path to figuring out whether it's smart for me to pursue?
What is your favourite budget program / spread sheet?
"Significant" drop in a 401k vested balance from a former employer after the new year. What happened?
Should I file for myself? 22 y/o college student working part time
Barclays has the highest CD rates and they still seem incredibly low. What are some better vesting options out there for someone with $5000?
Paying down bills, am I the exception to the rule?
Hotel paid for on credit card but card is expired now and I don't have new one yet, how can I still get the room without the purchasing credit card?
Should I consolidate student loans while still in school ?
Should I refinance Student loans? Lower % vs less flexibility.
California. Married, filing separately. What information of mine does my husband need?
How much money to spend on a used car?
As a rich man exhibiting money seeking behavior?
How does my budgeting plan look?
[Question] How bad is our situation, and did we mess up?
Can my parents cancel an airline ticket?
Young, single, childless- what should I do next?
[AUS] Is it OK to pay down a loan with a fee-free redraw option to a token amount (-$100) and let it sit as our EF while we pay down other debt?
[Budget help] I take home 26k after taxes. Can I afford a 900 per month rent?
Is saving for a home pointless at my stage?
No credit history at 32—how do I establish a credit score?
Bank account overdrawn, even though I told them not to allow it? Please help!!!!
Should I declare cash tips?
"Credit bureau information is missing or unavailable", but I have credit history?
(NZ) My student loan accumulates 0% interest, is there value in voluntary payments?
Is paying extra on your mortgage worth it? (UK)
Is buying a place with my boyfriend a bad idea? (AU)
Company going down, what do I do now?
Should I be taking the student maintenance loans? (UK)
Should I revisit my 2013 Taxes?
Refinancing car?
Should I raid my emergency fund to make 2014 IRA contribution?
How can I work through college?
Started saving for a house - what do i need to know?
Going down to a single income in March, can someone make sure I have my priorities in order?
Better to file as dependent or independent?
Father has offered to be investment guarantor for $100k. Should I take him up on it? (US/UK)
Really necessary to update name for 1098-E this year?
Family at Poverty Line Received Inheritance but will College Financial Aid be impacted?
Refinancing - should we pay for upgrades with cash or take out additional money?
Realistic 5 year plan?
Should I close this 15k limit credit card I never use, that has an annual fee?
Any way to find "lost" accounts?
Bought into a business with a $150k loan from my father, how do I reduce my taxes on the 150k I received? Business is in Cali but I'm Canadian in ON...
Question about checks?
What's the best thing to write on back of credit card instead of putting signature?
Is taking out student loans bad?
Loaned too much money for my study, what to do with it? (NL)
8% compounding interest?
Should I roll over my tax sheltered annuity-501(c)(3) to my Roth IRA?
21 Y/O Canadian University student soon to have Net Worth &gt; 0, what next?
Can a secured credit card be garnished?
Live in one state, commute to work in another. Which state gets my taxes?
What is the best 10€ investment I can make ?
Does vanguard not consider separate accounts for fund balance minimums?
Any experience with Quicken Loans and Discover loans for refinancing mortgages?
(UK) My bank sold my debt. I now have money in my current account with them. Can they take it from me?
Any experience with Quicken Loans and Discover loans for refinancing mortgages?
Can't Roth IRA, can't deduct Traditional, can't backdoor Roth - any reason to do a Traditional IRA?
Too many long-term saving objectives? Reality check for mid-twenties.
Roth 401K suits my needs, but should I swap to a Traditional with backdoor Roth contributions?
If I took university courses for free (I work at a university and my tuition is waived), is there any benefit to providing the information from my 1098-T?
Do i still need to select "up to 10 schools" on my fafsa if im alread in college?
Room for international bond funds?
How much should I spend on my first car? Details inside. (CAN)
Student pilot with lots of worries.. student loan vs military..? or any other suggestions
Am I able to clame myself on my taxes if I live at home and my parents dont mind if I do or not?
Why am I not seeing any difference in tax deductions after setting up a 401k?
Would the following be prudent?
My fiance left me for someone else yesterday. What passwords do I need to change? (x/post r/relationships)
When is bankruptcy/discharge a GOOD idea?
How are taxes affected by a house fire?
How should I divide up my finances?
15-year vs 30-year mortgage?
Can I afford this house? 25 yo, $57k/yr, $199k house
What percent of my paycheck should I contribute to my 401k?
Maxed out 401k and Roth IRA...what's next?
Tax Filing Question - File Married Separate or Together with Disabled Partner?
Total cost of operating a home?
Is it possible to open a new IRA and still have the contributions count toward 2014 tax year?
Tax question? I'm in the US, and I went back to school for my MBA, can I write off my laptop and books as an educational expense?
First time purchasing my own car. Should I ride the old one into the ground or trade it in?
Fidelity vs Vanguard? ...or both?
Where does my money go if I die?
Percentage of after tax income used for investing purposes? (ETFs)
Strategies for staying afloat as a full-time student?
Employer counting reimbursements as income...help?
where should i stash my aging parent?
Keep credit card or cancel and get a new one?
Should we have bought a house?
Paying back an expensive grad degree coud be easy, right?? Am I missing something??
(TX, USA) Getting a 10K Bank loan?
Tax return money-- pay off credit card debt or pay to break my lease and move somewhere where my monthly rent/utilities/gasoline expenses would be cut almost in half?
What do you do when you believe you've been scammed b a Debt Relief agency? (xpost /r/advice)
How fast can I pay off my student loans without effecting my credit negatively?
Is buying scratchies/lottery tickets a good or bad idea?
What are some financial pros and cons of working freelance/contracted with a company versus being employed/on the payroll?
How much should we put in an RRSP/retirement plan before we buy a house?
To buy a house or not to buy a house?
How do you all keep track of retirement account growth?
Should I increase my 401k contributions?
What's the best credit card to build credit?
Problem with commission pay. Boss never filed through payroll. What amount is rightfully mine?
22 years old wants to know which Vanguard fund should I invest in for my Roth IRA?
Paid off all unsubsidized student loans, with 2-3 years remaining in grad school. What to do with my money?
Questions about saving for a down payment for a house?
What personal finance myths, misconceptions or half truths are you sick of hearing?
22 f, over $10,000 in student loans from a semester of college and withdrew out due to severe depression. Need some advice to become financially independent and move out. Any ideas?
Is 5/1 ARM right for my situation?
(JP) My bank offers a "2 weeks to maturity" investment. Is something like this as good as it sounds, or is it a risk?
(UK) I need a loan of about £1000, but I have bad credit. Who should I go to?
Need advice whether to take the remortgage offer from my Spanish Bank or not? with regards to coming of fixed rate and going on to euribor.
I potentially bought a lemon. Manufacturer agreed to a cash and keep. What to do from here?
ETFs : what are the downsides?
What is Jobboy?
Should I buy a house? (NL)
I work at USPS. Do I get fired or quit?
Moving from NYC to CA and debating between buying a certified pre-owned car in NYC or flying back &amp; buying a car in CA. Help?
I contribute to a Roth 401K account and a Roth IRA. Am I doing this all wrong?
I just spent £200 on heating, tips and tricks to keep rooms warm? (UK)
Should I empty my savings account before filling out FAFSA?
Opinions on hiring a financial planner for advice?
Should I do my own taxes?
Invest 10k or help pay fiances student debt?
What's the most efficient way of moving money into the US?
Has anyone ever staged a "Financial Intervention"?
2015 I plan to start selling some Artwork. How will my tax situation change?
I have a mobile-only bank account, where is a bank/place I can turn in loose change for paper bills that won't charge me a huge fee like CoinStar?
4 Unit Building, 6 Garages, $29,000? Wise Investment? (CA)
Investing medium/long term for non-retirement - which funds to go with?
I have a mobile-only bank account, where is a bank/place I can turn in loose change for paper bills that won't charge me a huge fee like CoinStar?
I'm a 20 year old fulltime student working part time. I support myself yet my mom claims me as a dependent. Is it more beneficial to myself to be no-dependent?
Maxing out 414h, not sure whether to contribute to a 403b, 401k or 457 next?
Should I wait to invest in stock market?
are there any tax deductions that you can claim on top of your standard tax deduction ?
State tax withholding issue; how do I fix this?
Can I roll over money from my current employer's 401k into an IRA?
Feeling an opportunity; am I thinking rational?
Best College Savings Plan?
How do I transfer ~$450k USD from PE to US?
How does my budget look? Am I cutting it too close?
Sell HSA positions at a loss in order to roll-over and avoid fees?
HSA or traditional health plan?
(17F) Graduated early with highest honors on GED. Got a scholarship to CC, but where do I go from here? Please help! No one will help me with this and I need unbiased advice.
How do I comparison shop for a mortgage without harming my credit?
What is the ideal Bodily Injury Limits when shopping for a car insurance?
Can I contribute to my Roth IRA for 2014 after filing 2014 taxes?
DIY Tax Return or pay someone else to do it?
50k in savings account. What can i do with it as a guy on a work visa?
focus my money to my student loans or IRA?
24 - Is it even worth it to save for (future) kid's college?
50k in savings account. What i can do with it as someone on a work visa?
Can anyone help me to help my brother? His good nature has cost him £5000
How do you protect your identity if you won the Lottery, assuming your state doesn't have the option to remain anonymous?
Moving to APT with GF, can I write off 2nd bdrm? (CANADA)
Left one job for another, to roll over 401(k) or not?
26m, Switching Careers and Going Back to School. Pay Off Student Loans or Build Savings?
5% versus 20% mortgage down payment. What am I missing here? (CAN - though it shouldn't matter)
Adress used on a credit report?
Help: Freefile/Turbo tax or have someone qualified file my taxes for me?
Personal Capital - Paypal link?
How do stocks work and how do you make money off of them?
Rolled over a company 401k into a traditional IRA .... can I backdoor this into a Roth IRA?
Lost half my income, should I pay off my car with savings or keep paying monthly?
What should one do?: 401k (no match) / Stocks / Roth IRA...
(25, UK) Living with Parents. Saved £20,000 up, earning 14K a year. Is now a good time to get a house / mortgage?
Paid for rental property in cash. Any tax breaks?
Amazon Chase and Chase Freedom?
Make money online now with http://payripo.com/?share=44551
My friend just bought a house and I am going to rent out a room, what insurance do we each need?
Just got first paycheck. Can someone give me a brief outline of taxes and deductions?
Currently rent an apartment, better to stay here and save for a house or move to a condo and then a house?
Is moving out a financially safe decision for me (19 F)?
Will getting a second job help me or hinder me? (UK)
Who think's I'll get unemployment?
Inherited $20K. How do I make it grow?
I want to introduce a little more risk into my investments - where would you go about that?
Max out my Simple IRA?
Time to Consolidate? - Nearly $100,000 in student loan debt with skyscraper interest rates
Is there any benefit to keeping a savings account open?
What are the pros/cons of having an account with multiple banks? Where is the best place to put my extra money?
1099 questions?
Does my poor credit score make sense?
Late 20s, best way save for down payment in 5-7 years?
Best way to remove late payments for a mortgage that weren't even due?
Am I getting f over by student loan collections agency?
I pay towards my PLUS Loans which are in my mother's name. Is there any way for me to receive the tax benefits instead of her?
I was fired from my previous job last year. Will I get a W-2 from them in the mail?
$50 check from PNC?
What happens if I put too much into my IRA?
Will I be able to move in with roommates and live good if I make around 1600 per month?
Transferred college what happens to my loans?
Young, married couple. How does our retirement profile look?
do IRA contributions have to come directly out of your paycheck?
Moved States in 2014-- Best Tax software?
Is my current situation ideal for leasing a vehicle? ...if there even IS an ideal leasing situation.
Minnesota Renter's Property Tax Refund for Tenant At Will?
My share of an inheritance is ~100k, but it's from overseas. What's the best way to go about receiving it? (CA)
Where does LexisNexus get its info from? Supposedly it's all public. They have vehicle ownership records, previous addresses and phone numbers, previous places of employment, etc. Where can I find this info online (or at all)?
Has anyone been Audited by the IRS over Guaranteed Education Tuition Program funds?
Are all Discover cards now Discover It cards?
I am being offered a second job interview in Ohio, but I'm from Canada. I'm not sure if it's worth the financial investment to travel there based on an off chance I would get the job. What do you think reddit?
What kind of savings account should I use?
20M Can't get a credit card because of low income but need to start building credit, can my parents co-sign?
Car loan with horrible credit?
$120K in student loans on IBR. Should I utilize govt paid interest?
Buying a new car tomorrow, any advice?
[IRL] 24yo, new job in China as a lecturer with an Irish salary. Suggestions for my surplus earnings?
32M, no debt other than 7.4% 105K mortgage - best way to refi? - parents willing to help with lower rate
What should I do with $1000 in the bank as a 16 year old?
Should you prioritize car loans in order to reduce insurance payments?
I am a student who does web development on the side. I have been paid under the table in the past and never filed taxes. How can I start doing things the right way?
Using subidized school loans to pay off sallie mae?
Looking to buy a used car for the first time. What steps should I take/avoid?
HELP!! Refinance 15-, 20- or 30-year?!
SEP to Roth rollover, is it advisable?
How to change sweep account on Vanguard?
Minimum health coverage through CoveredCalifornia, I won't be getting 1095-A form. How will this affect my tax return?
15 year old here. What things can I do now to help with my financial future? (US)
Oohhhhhkay. Starting over with $21,000. Please review my plan and give advice? I'm scared!
I have bad credit and am looking for a secured credit card so I can get a regular one. What should I do?
Will paying off my car a year early hurt my credit?
Self-employed retirement strategies: IRA vs SIMPLE?
I have $25k in liquid assets with $3.5k monthly spendable income. Should I continue to rent or purchase a house?
Good idea to pay debt and lower Contribution %?
Students of personalfinance: how do you balance work and school?
[Auto](UK) What can I do with my recently financed car?
Can't pay the debt I owe because I can't find out who to pay?
Use negative balance on credit card to pay off another?
Saving for NYC Condo/Co-op - where should we put the downpayment money in the interim?
How do they get target 85% of your salary for retirement?
I want to buy my own car- do you think it's a good idea?
Meeting with a financial advisor for the first time. What should I know before the meeting and what questions do you recommend I ask?
My ex-wife is remarried and living in the house that still has my name on the mortgage how can I get out from under this house?
Collections agency is "promising" a pay for delete very nicely...do I follow through?
Putting amount contributed to IRA up til April on taxes...Must I put the $ in before I file?
Unique/Strange Health Insurance Problem. Will I still have to pay the tax penalty?
I'm an 18 year old just starting my first job - what is the best bank to put my money into?
How best to help a cousin who needs to get out and start making it on his own? (Story inside)
Earning ~50k a year, 401k, just a checking account with everything in there. I want to do more but completely unsure of wise options (Mutual fund, typical savings account, do I even have enough for anything?).
Money or Friends?!
How do you track expenses split with your SO?
Could I get some guidance on debt and credit?
Is this car dealership lying to me?
Has anyone used Great West Financial Services 401(k)? Looking for feedback on it.
Income tax returns are coming up and my mom wants me to claim my little brother. I don't trust her much, so will this really benefit me like she says? Or just good for her?
MyFedLoan payment system favouring payment off Principal on one loan over the other?
I'm looking for a credit card with great rewards to use towards airline miles. What do you recommend?
Is now a bad time to pick oil as a career?
These are my bills, this is my income... thoughts?
Is there a difference between taking out a loan from the bank and leasing a car from the lot?
Should I be moving funds from my kid's gift account to a 529 every year?
should i use tax software or go see an actual person?
Is the TSP a good deal for Military Personnel?
Declaring ebay sales affecting my scholastic financial aid? US
Cancelling Unused Credit cards - affect on Credit Rating?
[EU] I have 40k euro in cash. What should I do?
What are some good up to date reads/blogs/forums to leading me down the right path to credit repair?
How to Start over after Bankruptcy?
What's the smart thing to do with this car that won't start?
Multiple CCs stolen in the last month. Should I be alarmed?
Is it a good idea to have all my retirement savings under one institution?
Fiancé and I are saving for a house. We have cash to pay off student loans. Should we?
Checking account with no annual fees?
Where do I put away money I will need in 10-15 years?
How do I get out from under a mortgage after a divorce?
Put extra cash towards student loans or create IRA?
Are there any improvements that I can make?
Can anyone recommend a simple, free, and safe app that can help me stick to a 50/30/20 budget?
College advice?
Is there a faster way out of the debt hole?
Pay off new car or sell and buy used?
Will I be paying for the Premium Tax Credit I used throughout 2014 come tax time?
Need advice on taking out a loan for a mortgage &amp; is my dad screwing me over...?
Would anyone care to advise a 28-year-old man-child on obtaining his first credit card?
Sub contractor taxes?
Tax Question: Is it easy doing your own taxes? any tips from people would be appreciated.
save for car or retirement?
Should I consolidate with Betterment? I have Chase - Fidelity - 1 Rental and 401K
found 5K in an old 401, will it help my tax return to put it in an IRA before filing?
unique house purchase: can we afford it?
28 year old teacher here...what are some good stock options available for investing other than my work-related 403(b) annuity?
Student loan - To payoff or wait?
35k to 72k. Is it worth the move?
Auto Insurance Rate Spiked 40%!?!
Refinance before Baby?
28 year old teacher here...what are some good stock options available for investing other than my work-related 403(b) annuity?
I really want to learn about (and possibly get into) Stocks and Investing in them. Is this a good place to start? (UK)
Is WiseBanyan a helpful tool?
22 year old college student looking to invest $100. I know the company I want to invest in, how do I go about doing this?
Buying house with my girlfriend - $4,300/month net income. Can we afford a $160,000 house?
On vanguard, are all brokerage funds not marked as Roth IRA grated as traditional Ira?
How much is acceptable to spend on rent?
unsure if I should take on this property investment. any experts that can weigh in?
Buying a house with my girlfriend. $4,300/month net income. Can we realistically afford a house for $160,000?
29/Married. We have a lot of money in stock and not much elsewhere. Advice?
buy a home or pay off debt? (Help please!)
I'm about to buy a car and possibly use the auto loan to deposit money into a Roth IRA. Am I about to screw up?
Internet as a business expense?
Does my fiance's prior apartment have a time limit to collect for damages? Also seeking recommendations.
Should I sell my mutual funds to pay off credit card/student loan debt?
Question from someone filing taxes for the first time?
Where's the best place to start looking for a home loan?
Should I have a credit card?
As a 19-year-old college student, what are some steps I can take now to make myself more financially secure in the future?
Which funds should I take a closer look at to invest my HSA dollars?
Don't really have a lot of debt, but I don't make much money, either. Any plans for ppl like me who want to save and build wealth?
Married and separated: should we file jointly or separately?
PFers - what luxuries do you afford yourself?
22 years old, just graduated and am in the military. Should I put all of my long term savings (&gt;5 years) into a Roth TSP, or should I spread it elsewhere too?
Broke. 18 years old. "Free" Spirit flight with new airline credit card?
Some of my college professors made the remark that they'll be paying student loans off for the rest of their life. Is that because of their plan or reality?
do you guys have any opinions on etrade, td ameritrade, or scottrade?
Finally got a good job - now what?
First time home buyer, veteran, lease is up in June. Best strategy for first home loan?
First time home buyer, veteran, lease is up in June. Best strategy for first home loan?
Recommendations for Franklin Templeton funds for 401K?
How much money would one need to be part of the world's richest 1 percent?
I lost my social security card, birth certificate, and other personal documents in a folder. How do I make sure someone is not profiting off of my identity?
22 years old, 72k annually, pay off small student loan debt vs cap rothIRA for 2014?
I (24 M) Currently have an extra $2000 in a savings account and have been making regular contributions to my Roth IRA. I'm also about to take out $60,000 in student loans for a nursing BSN Program. What should I do with the extra $2000 prior to starting?
Are we going to be paying too much in rent?
Can you be claimed if you make more than the person trying to claim you?
Buying my first car! What should I do?
Should I switch to Navy Federal?
Does anyone have advice for people who want to buy a house but are not going to get married?
Line of credit issues, how to consolidate?
Should I incorporate?
My boss has offered me a SIMPLE IRA, can someone help me understand what I am allocating my funds to?
How do ask how much RSUs are worth in an offer?
How do I even begin to disentangle this mess?
Buying a house right out of college?
With tax season approaching, what are some free or inexpensive ways to file personal taxes?
What's your favourite feature on mint.com?
Individual Retirement Annuity?
Disputing debt without documentation?
Have $500 dollars to invest? Where do I begin?
Could I get some guidance on when to move out? 25/M
30 yr old , unemployed. 35k debt(sl+cc). Bankruptcy an option ?
Question: Is it easy doing your own taxes?
Brokerage Account: Roth IRA or taxable?
How to automatically request my credit report every 4 months?
Has anyone ever without prior knowledge bought stock and came out with a sweet amount of cash?
My friend is letting me use his credit card to pay my rent, will this work?
Friends asked me to help them budget, has anyone else done this before?
(HK) Sending money back to the UK. Is PayPal the way forward?
What's the upper limit on the home price?
2014: CPA or self-file? 1099 in CA, 2x w-4 in WA!
Can I claim an unmarried partner as a dependent?
What's the best way to invest this? - Canadian Couple, 20's
How much money would I have to have to be in the top 1% of the world's population?
Should I pay off high interest student loans, or high interest auto loan first?
Loans and grace period?
I accidentally bounced a check, what do I do?
Is there a difference in fees between buying a Vanguard ETF and buying the same Vanguard fund in a Vanguard account?
Bought a new $44,000 truck last year that I no longer need due to job change - how can I get the most for it?
Use negative balance on one credit card to pay off another?
Do I qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program?
First time filing taxes on my own. Refund seems to high?
Best place to open a savings account?
As a US contractor do I 1099s my Canadian client?
Has anybody here moved to a different city primarily for a lower cost of living? We're considering the "nuclear option" of moving 1,000 miles away for a better/cheaper lifestyle
Self Employed, Contributing to SEP IRA for Retirement Through Allstate - Is This A Good Idea?
I currently make $71,500 -- I was offered a promotion at $130,000 but it would require me to move to Silicon Valley. How can I calculate cost of living differences to see if it is worth it?
Better to file jointly or separately?
Car dealership lost my bank check. What concessions should I get?
Debt collecting process seems fishy...advice?
1099-MISC internship income, what can I deduct?
Bad credit due to years of inaction - how do I build back up?
Filing for unemployment but recently moved. Where do I file?
I did some freelance work for under $400 -do I need to claim it on my taxes?
Rent Calculators say yes, Excel says absolutely but what does PF say?
Started a new job in August and said my parents can claim me as dependent. Found out it is the opposite, how do I handle this?
I Want to Write a Personal Finance Book--What's Stopping Me?
YNAB Goals?
8,000 in an Ally savings account, what should I do with it?
How can I help my parents financially without risking to lose everything I have?
Am I supposed to give the my 1098-T to a parent? What is this form for? Should I file taxes?
Should I pay this parking ticket?
Is Kendrick Lamar's financial advice in the lonely island song YOLO good advice?
Poor Credit. What credit card would be recommended for me to open to build my credit back up?
Would it be selfish to apply for scholarships for college even though I have a fairly sizeable trust fund?
Declining oil prices affect your finances?
I want to help my friend finish paying for college. He has about 2.5-3 semesters of classes left. What is the best/safest way to do this? Are there any tax incentives/advantages I can take advantage of? I'm in Georgia, USA.
Mom is trying to claim me as a dependent...can she?
Three Job Offers in Different States - Take home pay?
Should I only put just enough into my 401(k) for my company to match and put the rest in Vanguard?
Mint.com can you collapse (sub)categories in budget?
I have bad credit. How can I turn this around?
What happens when I pay more than the minimum payment due for my student loans?
How am I doing? (Overall review, lots o' numbers)
Recommendations on possibly closing a secured credit card?
What/How much does a bank know about its customers overall financial picture?
How many credit accounts have you had?
How to calculate whether to use IBR public loan forgiveness?
18 y/o College Student who made ~$3700 last year need to file taxes?
I'm a freelance designer, earning ~$45k/year as a 1099 contractor. Should I become an S corp?
Box 14 on w2 shows IMPINC for 99.59. H&amp;R block software does not list this. Could it be the obamacare penalty?
Are Morningstar ratings useful?
AOTC: Started my 5th year. Am I ineligible?
I got retroactively fired from work for taking two sick days in my two weeks notice. Is this legal?
Eliminating outstanding interest before capitalization or always pay down highest rate loan?
20 Living at home, setting up savings/Emergency Fund/investments soon. How should I do it?
Contributing to an HSA outside of work?
I made over $1,000 in Fantasy Football winnings, do I need to file this on my taxes?
In escrow on a new home, should we try to unlock our rate to get an improved rate?
Schrödinger's 1099: I haven't been paying quarterly. What happens if my employer 1099's me even if they said they wouldn't?
Should I refinance the mortgage on a house I bought in 2013?
Can my dad contribute to his IRA this year? It's likely his only income will be from a private long term disability program and from SSDI.
What's the best option for helping my child invest part of their savings?
How can I deal with debt incurred in my name that my mother caused by opening credit cards without my knowledge?
Sell home, purchase home, little savings... downpayment?
When is it appropriate to refinance for a lower monthly mortgage rate?
Can my dad contribute to his Roth IRA this year? His income sources have changed. If he can't do IRA, what should he do?
When it rains it pours, two job offers for serious positions after 4 months unemployment. How to move forward?
$20.000 in debt I'm 23 lost my job should I file for bankruptcy? Are there better options?
Why is it a bad idea for me to get Whole Life Insurance?
Does it make since to get covered by two health insurance plans from two different companies?
What are some clever ways to save money on a budget?
Buying $4k+ in furniture, credit or cash?
Landlord found blockage and pipes and blames me, can he bill me?
What to do after graduation?
I know it's not moronic monday, but am I the only one here who doesn't make over $50,000/year?
Life Insurance before a major disease diagnosis?
Should I refinance my 7/1 ARM (4 years in) to a 30-year fixed?
What should I do with my savings? $20k
Moving to different county for work, resorting to short sale my current residence, how to mitigate the damage?
Checking Account questions not for me?
Family member does not have long term care plan... what will happen?
What are the best retirement accounts for a self-employed business?
Do you use a Roth or Traditional 401k r/Personalfinance?
Pros/Cons of cancelling a credit card if I don't need it?
Selling home in the next 3 months, when should I go for pre approval on a new loan?
What to do when your work 401K has high fees?
How do i propose a business idea to possible investors and or friends with ought them taking the idea?
Take profit from city house to buy one in burbs and eliminate mortgage?
Should I be worried about money being "trapped" in a 401(k)?
Do most people have to take out both subsidized and unsubsidized loans?
I am 29 and currently have an American Funds 2050 Target Date-R3. Should I change to something more aggressive?
When is the best time to invest in real estate ??
Can someone help me understand taxes for buying a house in another country?
I am 29 and currently have the American Funds 2050 Target Date Retirement Fund R-3. I am thinking of switching to The Bond Fund of America R-3 or Capital World Bond Fund. Any advice?
Is there any way at all to buy a home from a family member without having a down payment?
How accurate is 401K calculators?
I'm a graduate student with zero income and zero credit. What type of beginner's credit card should I get?
1099-INT Received After Filing - How/If to Correct?
Best way to files taxes online?
What is a reasonable percentage of monthly pay to spend on rent/mortgage?
Roughly $4900 in old retirement account. What to do?
What is a reasonable percentage of monthly pay to spend on rent/mortgage?
What credit card should a college student with no credit history get?
How do you give/receive a financial gift without it being a tax burden?
Those with summer jobs, how much did you take home over the course of a few months?
Cashed out a 401k, so I'm not eligible to file taxes or free from TurboTax, are there any cheaper alternatives?
Just quit my job. They used an SEP IRA there and it was always a 15% bonus payable on Jan. 1. If I quit during the year, do I realize any accrued benefits? Do I see some money from it?
Am I going to have to pay taxes on my parents home?
Quit my job in the middle of the year. Do I get the accrual on the SEP IRA plan at my employer?
Fund lineup in a 403(b) how should I do this?
Universal annuity. I have one, what the hell is it?
What's a reasonable way to pay my mom back for what she has spent on my education?
How do you guys go about figuring out when it's time to quit working?
Should I refinance or make additional payments on current mortgage?
Buying a car. Spend cash outright, or fix credit first?
Closing Credit Cards?
Taxes: Job expenses for people in ministry?
How to make a spreadsheet for my flipping budget?
Rolling a secured card to credit?
Job-related expense tax deductions for people in ministry?
Sorry if this is maybe a silly question from a foreigner but I gotta ask it... Can we pay college tuition in the U.S. in installments?
How do I refinance my rental house? Rate is at 6.65% on a 30 yr mortgage.
How to budget for variation?
I may be moving far away, if possible. What is a good way to prepare?
My girlfriend is moving to the US from Aus. What is the best way for her to transfer her money over?
If Married, Joint or seperate checking accounts?
I have a collections agency that I have to pay off. It's been there for a while, (I know,) but when I checked my credit score today, it's not on there. What's up?
How soon would I be eligible for a mortgage after starting my first "career" job?
I'm 21, I make $21 an hour and work 21 hours a week. What can I do to comfortably backpack around Japan, summer of 2016?
how much do employee stock options cost an employer? how are they setup?
Is it normal for insurance to be more expensive than a vehicle payment?
I am a high school sophomore who will, in the next few months, be making between $40-$70 each week and want to start saving and investing the money; what should I do?
Pay real estate taxes twice in one year and get higher refund ?
How much does health insurance cost a small business owner in California?
Could somebody give me a step-by-step guide to the best/least expensive way to shop for new car insurance?
How can I go back to school to get a job I love when I'm married with two young kids?
What can a person do now in their 20's to set themselves up for a more stable financial futrue?
Taxes: claiming non-relative dependents, and what is taxable income?
How much does health insurance cost a small business owner in California?
Which is a better muni bond fund? SWCAX or NCATX?
Just received a collections letter pertaining to a debt that is 12 years old. How do I go about stopping this from being put on my credit?
Do my taxes myself or take to a professional?
Should I transfer my savings from Japan to Europe in order to receive interest?
How do I go to school cheaply or for free once I'm an adult? Can I?
Should I get an HCSA for a newborn even though we have good insurance?
(NZ) My father made huge debt in business under my name, what do i do?
Would those interested in getting their finances in order or monitoring their expenses and income pay for a service like this?
Save for a house or Roth IRA?
Just been declined a phone contract, how can I build credit as fast as possible? (UK)
Has anyone given a loan to their children, or have taken a loan from their parents?
Do you believe that Obama Student Loan Forgiveness is as good as it is described?
If the rate of inflation is between 0.5-1%, why are ISA interest rates only ~.35%? Aren't you losing money?
Once I turned 25, I acquired the remainder of my trust fund (~$13,000) which is currently in my bank account. How to stretch it out as long as possible?
Is Critical Illness Insurance Right for Me? (CA)
It's not just me my mum has gone completely nuts, right?
What are average salaries for 20-26 year olds?
Do I pay taxes on rental income?
457k rollover to 401k?
Does it really cost $280,600 to rebuild a house worth $157,000? Comparison of multiple replacement cost estimates.
(CA) Key interest rate cut, how and when does itbaffect me?
Student loan 'final payoff amount' - will this be significantly more than my current balance?
Car loan info. What do to?
Should I continue to invest in my company's 401k?
Dentist saying I have overdue charges even though I already paid (insurance covered the rest) months ago?
Should we leave tax allowances lower to maximize Saver's Credit?
Should I refinance my mortgage?
Advice for first-time property tax protest?
How to know if new or used car is better deal?
Obligatory Bonus + Tax Question [100% tax rate?]
I jointly own a house with my uncle -- he is now entering long term care -- is this bad for me?
Advice? TaxAct vs Turbo Tax vs a real person for someone who lived in two states?
30 days late on auto loan. Can anyone help me out with this question? It's driving me mad that there is no clear answer to this.
For anyone who lives in Cali (especially around SF area), what is your net paycheck like?
I have a roommate who lives with me and contributes to the mortgage. Does this count as taxable rental income?
How to build credit?
Canadian citizens currently living and working in USA, how do we invest our money?
I make ~50k but was offered a more promising job at ~45k as an independent contractor. Should I take it?
new 'online costco' - what do you think?
What would you do in my situation? Save money so I don't have to take out student loans or put that money into retirement?
Does anyone have experience with Money Coach Canada? (CA)
Need advice. 15k Medical bill sent to collections. Settlement finally came through for 15k. How do i handle this?
Which Healthcare benefits at my first job out of college worth it?
Independent Contractor job ending this month. 26yo w/roughly $28,000 in assets. Is my money too exposed?
First year having a 403(b)-Do I need to do anything differently when I file my taxes?
Owe creditors, just separated from girlfriend/son. Should I take a loan from 401k?
How the heck do US form W4 allowances work?
CC vs. Loan — which affects credit score more?
How to reach someone at the IRS?
Second Chance Auto Loan --&gt; Refinance for Lower Interest Rate? (Help Please)
Will apartment complexes allow me to rent from them without a job but with lots of savings?
ELI5: Life Insurance Riders. Good idea?
Best way to send employer SSN?
I'm looking for health insurance for the first time and feel swamped. What are the things I should be looking for? More explanation in comments.
My credit union just told me to go get a department store credit card?
Should I cancel this credit card?
I have $7000 that I do not use. What should I do to make the most of it?
What can I do if someone stole money from my debit card?
Which Home Loan would be best for my situation?
[24M] with 57k student loan debt and 70k annual income. Should I max an IRA to reduce my 2014 taxable income, or use a slightly smaller tax return to pay down loans?
[quick question] Difference between transaction fees and rebalancing?
Thinking about opening a 60 month CD for my 2 year old nephew. Good idea, bad idea?
Recent grad making 35k but with 15k in savings. How should I structure savings accounts?
How to negotiate salary offer after "temping" there for 6 months? xpost r\jobs
[Denmark] How to earn money, when you are only 15 years old?
Is this an okay way to lower your assets according to FAFSA?
I'm 29 and I've never filed taxes - how bad is that and what should I do now?
21 in CA, just started a new job that pays 18/h full time, minimal expenses. want to saved for a place of my own and retirement. But what's more important?
Pros and cons of filing married jointly vs separate?
Choosing a financial advisor?
Refinancing a personal loan?
I want to go back to school.... for 6 years... in my 30s... is this a terrible idea?
Is it dangerous to give a gym my checking account information?
What are some ways to budget myself?
Cash in whole life insurance?
[Ca] Looking for (investment?) advice
How much do you spend per month on food, and how many in your house hold?
99% sure my bank overcharged me in interest fees. Is this common?
College student looking to build credit, 1st credit card advice?
Cleaned up most of the negatives on my credit, still can't get a Credit Card. What's next?
Was told I could refinance with CU but was misinformed - now what?
Where can I get the cheapest car insurance?
26, First Real Job $165k + Investments, and Student Debt. What should I do first?
Buy a Mobile Home to save for a bigger home?
Can my partner's parents claim him as a dependent?
Have you ever asked a real estate agent for a reduced commission?
I am 16 and made $1200 last year, do I need to file taxes?
My employer offers Managed Accounts for my retirement fund...should I do it?
To Pay Off or Not To Pay Off?
TurboTax Absolute Zero - Thoughts?
Can I start a new IRA with funds from a rollover? Or do I need to use my own cash to get things started?
H&amp;R Block online tax filing?
Manager over reported cash tips on paychecks, how does this affect me and what do I do about it?
I have to go on a business trip (company reimburses expenses) what Credit card should i get?
Should I refi?
Job is trying to decrease my pay for no change in responsibilities - what options? [US]
Receiving $3000 in financial aid for college this semester, just landed a job. Bad spender and bad saver...Help me balance my money month to month?
Debating on an IRA providers. Can I sample them?
I am 23 years old and unsure if I shoudl move out of my moms house or wait until I am 27 to finish college and save money for a house/car/apartment/big move?
How do you figure out if it is better to invest extra money or pay down mortgage?
Can someone explain the child and dependent care credit to me when I have two children? CC provider provided me a total, but not separate amounts for each child?
What are the cons for return of premium life insurance?
Sold friend to phone for $350. So far has only paid me $130. She bought a new phone and says she lost mine and refuses to pay. What do I do?
How should I start off?
Not sure if this is a unique health insurance situation. Can you help me, help him?
Know of Anyone Terrified of Investing?
Can I contribute to an IRS IRA/401k account with income not taxed by and not reported to the IRS?
Closing on a home loan soon, but applied for a credit card that could delay closing. How do I get the account number of the card?
Credit Card Activity shows two charges totaling $1k at Vegas strip club. Can I dispute?
I received a savings bond in elementary school and have not known of it since, how do I go about recovering the bond and seeing how much it is worth now?
QDRO: Can I transfer funds from a 401k to an IRA? Or does it have to be the same type of account?
Should I payoff a loan on IBR?
Sold a stock in Oct. 2013. Forgot to get a 1099 for it when filing for my tax return last year. Do I enter it into my taxes this year?
Any good investment books similar to Boggleheads except tailored to the Australian market? (AUS)
Will paying an account in collections improve credit score?
What is the best way I (poor college student) can get a decent car?
I don't know if this is the right subreddit but, what should I put in a email to admissions offices of the schools i have been accepted to in order to find out more information scholarships and on how to pay for university?
Is it better financially if we just don't get married?
Reddit, what do you think Obama proposed free two years of community college?
Hopeful first time homebuyers dealing with defaulted student loans. Do we rehab or pay them off?
Should I buy a condo?
Anyone have experience with the Bank5 Connect online checking account? Advertises 0.76% APY, reimburses up to $15/month of ATM fees, and no account fees (but $100 minimum to earn interest).
Stock Options: am I getting a good deal?
With the impending devaluation of the Euro, are there any ways to use my €1000 savings to make money?
Can I get some feedback on my finances? Comment on my portfolio please.
US citizen living overseas. What does this mean for me when it comes to Obamacare?
My husband took out a £20k prenup. His would this effect me if we split?
Am I being underpaid? 2.85 an hour and 4% tipshare between all hosts
Should we buy as much home as we can afford?
Going to receive ~120k US$ of heritage. What to do?
Didn't file taxes for 2013 as didn't live in US in 2013 (left in 2012, returned in 2014). Applying for mortgage and they want to see tax filings for every year. How screwed am I?
I had my car repossessed recently due to non payment, and in my Credit Report it is showing the loan as closed with no missed payments. Is this normal?
It's a big ask but can you help?
Didn't file taxes for 2013 as didn't live in US in 2013. Applying for mortgage and they want to see tax filings for every year. How screwed am I?
I want to make sure I understand some of the basics of being an independent contractor. Can you look at my numbers?
If you inherited $10,000, what would you do with it? (details in comments)
Vanguard or TIAA-CREF for retirement?
I've got $8,000. Lower my debt or strengthen my down-payment? Details in description!
What should I do with savings bonds?
Is it a bad idea to file taxes before getting my 1098 T even though I know the amount I paid for tuition?
Accidentally underpaid taxes last year. Pay the difference or reduce with a T-IRA?
What is the size of your emergency fund?
How would you categorize a professional license renewal in your Mint tracking?
Can a collection fee go on my credit report?
Better way to pay down student debt?
Can I claim child care tax credit if I had my child in a private daycare?
Recent grad with 21k in total savings. How should I divide/organize my accounts?
What's the threshold for using your savings for a purchase?
Is anyone else having trouble getting an Identity Protection PIN from the IRS?
Mint reports I have late payments affecting my credit score, but my credit reports don't show any amounts past due. What am I missing?
I am about to get my first credit card, how to I pick the right one?
Can I afford no roomate?
Can it be in your benefit to put money in a 401(k) with matching and immediately withdraw it?
1099 Employee: Did not save enough or pay quarterly, how bad off am I? (Florida)
I started a go fund me..is this real?
Who here has bought a house with &lt;20% down? Trying to figure out the pros and cons for my situation.
My parent has become my child. How can I get financial relief?
Quick filing advice?
Ally Bank?
Why is there no universal cash back program (one that's not offered by a credit card or particular store)?
Help Me PF! My Emotions are getting in the way of logic, or are they?
Misclassified as a 1099 worker, do I lose write-off ability if I file an complaint with the IRS?
How to make sure you capture every expense when making a new budget?
W2 employee...about to start part time 1099 work, do I need to pay quarterly taxes?
Is a Roth 401(k) Rollover Really the Sisyphean Ordeal It Seems?
HSA record keeping requirements?
How is the best way to purchase a new vehicle?
My wife changed careers. Trained to be a yoga instructor. Can I deduct training costs on taxes?
Compound vs. simple loan. I need to borrow 14,000. Simple is 7% but compound is 5%. Which is the better deal?
Employer failed 401k Highly Compensated Employees Test, never heard of it until today, what should I do going forward?
How risky is dependence on underfunded state retirement programs (US)?
[Question] How do I calculate tax return estimate accurately?
18 Years old, do I need to file for Taxes?
Car Insurance and 401K in Basic Training?
(US) All I have is a pre-paid credit card. How can I rent a car?
Compound vs. simple loan. I need to borrow 14,000. Simple is 7% but compound is 5%. Which is the better deal?
Do I need to give subcontractors 1099's if I paid them less than $600?
Reality Check: 30, no serious experience, limited education. What should I be looking for and am I being delusional with my search?
(US) All I have is a pre-paid credit card. How do I rent a car?
What are some Pros and Cons of a bank buying my federal student loan to lower my interest rate?
Does anyone know an app or program that rounds dollars up to the nearest .00 and deposits it into a saving's account?
I have 30k in a mutual fund, but I'm not sure I want it there. Could I get some advice?
Parents want to downsize their home for retirement and put the proceeds into savings...my dad proposed we buy the new home and rent it to them. What do you think?
Maximizing the value of my HSA?
Compound vs. simple loan. I need to borrow 14,000. Simple is 7% but compound is 5%. Which is the better deal?
Opinions - mortgage -&gt; investing?
how does someone whos income varies from week to week make a budget?
Do you think this would be a good time to invest in oil?
Does anyone here work for the cfpb?
My family and I want to move to NC in 2 years but we're kinda stuck in NY with our current mortgage. Please help me come up with a battleplan?
Clueless on how to save more! Retirement Fund?
Is KBB a reliable way of determining price before going to a dealership?
Thoughts on my Acorns account, and better options for me?
What books would you recommend to a complete noob to personal Finance to understand how it all works?
Hey PF: How Would You Pay Off This Debt?
Should I (and how should I) refinance my 30-year @ 5.375%?
19 years old, Leaving for the Military in two weeks. What can I do to ensure my success when I get out?
Anybody got a refund date?
Is your name James Kang? No paypal for you.
529 tax hikes? Is this real, or is this author blowing things up because he doesn't like Obama.
What are the best investment that I can keep in my safe that are not 'papers'?
$3000 tax refund. What is the best way to disseminate it to my debt?
Does paying over the minimum balance on a loan go to the principal or future interest?
Car Insurance Deductible - when to pay?
I own a bunch of stuff, what insurance policy or policies should I look into?
Offset tax refund with a 401k contribution?
How much will I be paying in taxes?
New Job Allows me to Defer Pay and Put into Company's "Managed Investment Fund." Good idea?
What are the benefits of a 1098-t? (Please don't delete this mods for being too short)
Doing taxes and discovered that my contribution to the IRA I opened last year is ineligible for a deduction. What's the point then?
(CA) I am 21-year-old student who has never filed taxes. Where do I start?
Graduating medical school this year - can I afford to invest?
Transfer to RothIRA initiated on 4/15/15 okay for 2014?
Can I claim education expenses if I'm being claimed as a dependent?
All but one 401k option is terrible - OK to just use the one?
I received scholarship in excess of tuition in 2014. Does my apartment rent count as "room and board"?
How long until I am charged an overdraft fee?
How long to rebuild with a credit score of 646?
I've consolidated debts to a credit credit card. Now I'm considering moving it with a balance transfer...will it affect my credit score negatively?
I just found out that I had a debt in collection from Summer 2013. Seems to be hurting my score badly. What to do? No one has contacted me about this.
What's the best resource to learn about all of the tax loopholes available in order to pay as little tax as possible?
Anyone here regretting NOT listening to their financial advisor?
Where do I start or what do I do?
Should I even think about buying a house?
Should I trade in my newer car for an older toy?
Credit card debt went to collections. What should I do now?
If I cancel a credit card will it negatively effect my credit score?
Debit card risks? Do you guys use debit cards/are you worried about associated risks?
What do I need to know about choosing a mortgage lender?
Recently Unemployed - How long should I take a rest for?
Betterment, any bad experiences?
Authorized user on credit card - boost for each account?
So I just went to get my credit score, when asking to confirm my indentity they ask questions about a mortgage. I've never opened a mortgage. What's goin on?
Has anyone made the decision to leave the workforce to just relax for a year on savings?
Can I claim standard mileage deduction for my 'business' if I drive to work and am classified an Independent Contractor? (US)
ESOP Options: Exercise or Cancel?
What does your work package look like ?
I'm looking for my first credit card. What should I look for? (Canada)
I have a range between $300-$1000 dollars what is great way to quickly double my money?
Hoping to move within 6 months: pay debt or save more?
Bill in collections from hospital that was supposed to be paid by Workman's Comp?
Can someone help explain mortgage interest deductions for US Federal tax returns?
Debit card was stolen, what else can I do?
Do I keep my small pension with HP, or take them up on their offer to roll the plan's current value into my existing 401k?
X-Post from /r/taxes --- Had 3 jobs last year. 2 Employee. 1 self-employed. What forms do I need to fill out?
Withdraw from IRA to pay off debt?
How to avoid identity theft following robbery? (US)
Just found two accounts in collections that I do not recognize. How to proceed?
How does my gf and I choose between a low-income apartment development or a potential 4 person shared house?
I just got a 100% raise at work but got switched from a bi weekly (every other friday) to a 1st and 15th pay schedule. When I did the math I got 26 paychecks when It was bi weekly, but with the first and the 15th pay schedule there are 24 checks. Am I being payed less? [7]
Refinancing US private student loans as a non-citizen?
What does your work package look like ?
How not to screw myself out of financial aid for college?
Where can I learn the basics of personal finance? Highschool senior planning to move out and I know NOTHING
How do I get rid of my car?
Is it beneficial to go tax exempt all year, and as long as I manage/save my money appropriately pay the government back. Do you end up paying less in taxes overall?
Has fraud protection on your debit card/account ever actually helped you?
(NZ) what happens if you go bankrupt when you a uni student?
Budgeting apps for multiple currencies?
$1500 in food stamps, what should I do?
First post here: I make $20,000 a year and I'm $14,000 in debt. Any ideas for my situation?
What are the benefits of a mortgage? Even if you could afford to pay in lump sum, which of the two would you rather do?
My senile father posted a screenshot of my payroll deposit to Facebook as a profile picture for over 24 hours before realizing. How screwed am I?
What is your current TOTAL credit card credit limit and normal usage? (and are you happy with it?)
How would you manage your money if you only got paid once a year?
What happens to my stock investments when I die?
Comparing a salary with a bonus and one without?
A definitive list of tax e-filing websites, and personal recommendations? Looking to move on from TurboTax.
What's my best option for temporary health insurance? We'll be experiencing a 3 month coverage gap due to having a baby, moving out of state, and starting new jobs.
Debt Consolidation, is it worth it?
Why should we have a sizable emergency fund? DINK in the UK
Hourly or Salary?
What is the difference between inc vs acc in funds?
I'm going to be traveling to a foreign country in a few months. Right now the dollar is very strong against their currency. Should I buy some currency now?
Is refinancing from a 30-year, 4.125% loan to a 30-year 3.584% loan worth it?
Expecting a child, what should I do?
Has anyone declared UK income on their tax return before? Lived in UK until may of last year, unsure how to prove income and taxes for that period as tax year in UK runs different.
Debt Consolidation With Personal Loan; Advise?
Stuck at home taking care of disabled mother, anyway to earn extra money?
Doing a "Frugal February" challenge, what activities would you put on the scavenger hunt list?
Wife is expecting, what do I need to be doing now?
What to do with existing Whole Life insurance policies?
I was told that using my debit card and pressing credit in a transaction could help build my credit. Is this true?
Are we doing it right? Is now the time to purchase a home? Help us get our finances straight.
Multi-state question: CA &amp; VA means I get double taxed in CA?
Student loan interest tax deduction. Any ideas?
Lost $3,000 in stock and derivatives. I'm 20 and am about to file taxes for the first time ever. How should I proceed?
Which TurboTax version should I buy??
Roth IRA - deposit 5500 all at once right now, or DCA throughout the year?
Working for a US company remotely from Canada, getting paid in USD. How can I make the most of the strong dollar?
I have $9500 in car debt (2.77%), and $9500 in an S&amp;P 500 ETF- what to do?
Should I move Rollover IRA funds to Roth IRA?
A few years in on a fixed 30yr Morgage, want to pay off in 15 now, best to refinance to 15yr loan or just pay extra on the 30yr?
Am I doing something wrong? Please help.
I have student loans and a mortgage . Which principal should I throw more money at per month?
What is an appropriate credit card for a 19 year old college student living at home to build credit with?
[Vanguard] Fund Roth IRA through Money Market Account in Vanguard Taxable Account?
Help: job offering commission but base pay is low. Should I ask for more?
My mother wants to dump her timeshare. How do I help her do this?
What is a good 1st credit card for a 19 year old College Student living at home and working part time?
Wife is teaching yoga as a "contracted employee" - what is the best way to claim this income on taxes?
X-post ELI5 "Why don't people invest in India bonds and make back $$$?"
Single vs Married on my W-2?
Fidelity Four-In-One Index Fund or Vanguard?
Continue to max vanguard roth or start fresh with roth TSP?
My mother is trying to illegally (?) claim me on her taxes. I need advice.
Lots of Debt - Best Plan/Tools/Advice? (CA)
Tax question. Loved one passed. Their house is paid off. Is it better to transfer ownership then sell or have the beneficiary sell then gift the money. Which incurs the lowest tax penalty? Thanks guys!
is Roth (401)K retirement plan Pre-Tax or Post-Tax?
Any apps like Level Money?
What to do with a house down payment now that I am no longer in the market for a house?
Do you guys know of any financial assistance that may be available for my dad?
Experience suing a debt collector under the FDCPA?
Broker vs Bank for mortgage?
It is possible to not withhold federal tax and just put that money into a Roth IRA, then when taxes are due, pay your taxes with your Roth IRA?
Withdrawing cash from from USAA without a debit card or checks on hand?
how much of a house can you afford making 70k a year?
Am I doing the right thing with my 401(k)?
Take a new job or stay where I am?
Credit report question concerning sallie mae?
How do you deal with a raise that does not meet your expectations?
Barclay Arrival+: Does it matter whether I wait to batch up rewards?
Citi vs. Capital One vs. Amex?
Refi under HARPII?
Thinking about a refi my 7 month old mortgage from 4.5% interest that I put 5% down payment, is this the right time?
I'm ~5 years deep without even giving my student loans a second of my attention. If I started now, how long will it take for my credit to start to see the effects/be decent enough to where I can get an apartment lease or something similar?
I forgot to file my 1098-T form from college last year. Is it possible to still file them and if so, how?
Getting married increased tax liability?
Going big on going home? [Housing]
Difference between living trust and a will?
Should I claim my parents as dependents if they don't have health insurance? ACA penalty question...
Where to start?
Coverdell ESA...Publication 970...Graduated college... Help, please?
401k vs Roth IRA: Isn't a 401k (generally) better because of marginal vs. effective tax paid?
Credit card consolidation?
Should I apply for a credit card?
I am trying to make a decision regarding healthcare. Could you offer your insights?
Estate Planning Help: My Dad recently passed away (Aug 2014) and he was due a good amount of commission (approx 1.6 Million) from his employer over the next 10 years. Is this an asset of the estate?
Combining finances with my fiancé? (I have a large amount of savings, she has a large amount of debt.)
My dad (cosigner) wants to pay for my student loan. Will this hurt my credit?
(Ire) I'm currently a student with very low flexibility in regards to finance. Is there anything I should or could be doing now for my future?
Getting married. When should I change my w4?
Consolidation loan?
529 Accounts and student loans? To liquidate or not?
Getting married. When should I change my w4?
How do I manage my parent's money for them if they legally must have access to the account and the money within it?
File Joint or Separate?
Should I claim as a dependent or independent?
Can I get a bigger tax return as an Apprentice?
How To Keep My Credit in Good Standing?
Best tax software for me?
I have both a Savings and Checkings account. I find myself transferring money into Checking sometimes when I run short. Recieved a notice that my saving account will be closed due to exceeding transaction limits. What is my best course of action?
Refinance to a 20-year mortgage, or overpay on a longer-term mortgage?
I'm leaning toward a Roth IRA over traditional, is that the wrong decision in my case?
Is it a good idea to get life insurance?
Am I screwing our son on his tax return? Advice appreciated.
Has anyone used Capital One 360? I like the idea of having sub-accounts, but not sure if it's worth it.
Why is it really bad to be underwater on a mortgage or car loan?
How do I find out if my spouse's defaulted loans will offset my tax return?
Do credit card companies ever lower credit limits due to low utilization?
Best way to capitalize?
Buy a home or invest? Help!
No debt besides mortgage and plenty of income, any investments I should consider?
What credit card should I get? Just got denied for a reasonable (per my parents) car loan because I have no credit. About to start making a bit more money.
Laid off last week. Is this a terrible time to apply for a credit card?
Wife and I are planning on buying our first home. Issue: she's financially illiterate and is looking at houses we can't afford. How unreasonable is she being? How do you talk sense into someone like that?
Thinking about buying a new car - am I justified or dumb?
Personal finance app for splitting accounts into sub-accounts?
US TAX: Three Years non-file. New job in December 2014. What to do?
Selling the house, is it the right decision?
Help! My Mother just spent $600 on non-refundable tickets for the wrong dates, what can I do?
Does it make sense to cash in part of 401k to pay off Credit card debt?
Flat Broke, Unemployed, Disabled, and Truck Broke... What now?
W-2 mistake... Will it cost me???
Could regularly depositing wage-ish amounts of money get me in trouble? (AU)
Beneficiary IRA Account?
can you bring your 401k with you if you leave the country?
First time home buyer. Single income single parent. Do I have a feasible plan? Any tips welcome!
Invoiced last year, paid in January?
Should I pay off my student loans now?
Never made a budget before - what do you think of this? (spreadsheet/image)
Married auto loan - should we both apply?
Do I report the $7 I earned in interest from my online savings account on a 1099-INT form or is the amount I earned not large enough to report?
What is the best strategy for paying of credit card debt to raise credit score?
People with irregular income, do you find it hard to budget efficiently?
This will sound terrible, but I'm graduating in May. What do I need to know about paying back student loans?
How do you save for a home while still investing?
What is a website that will easily allow me to do my taxes on my own? (CA)
Got £4k which debt do to start with first?
To Sell? Or Stay?
Have I over extended myself financially? (CA)
My (late) father invested some money in an American company. What should we do with it?
Can anyone help me by estimating what this person's FICO score might be? (US)
Do I need to declare inheritance money in my checking account on my FAFSA?
Hi PF! I have a crappy credit history and my credit score just got bumped up by about 120 points... what is my best move?? Much more info inside
Do I need a CPA this year for filing taxes?
[TX] Simple Tax Return Question - married filing jointly or head of household?
What is the best way to pay off a credit card?
I made under $10 in interest from my online bank. Do I have to report that?
I'm 17 from the UK and just received a letter saying that I am in debt £261.28. I have no way of paying it and if I don't I will be taken to court, what can I do?
Does Paypal's Bill Me Later build credit?
Is a personal injury settlement taxable?
Identity stolen with Western Union this morning. Advice?
Is it worth moving out?
Is it worth being broke in order to escape from an abusive household?
How does credit utilization work?
Hey PF! Best way to fix my credit?
22 year old starting out life in Austin, Texas. Any advice for a budget and how to control spending? 58k salary and 40k in student loan debt.
At what point is a mutual fund considered "too big"?
Job security and a 20-25% pay cut, or keep my current position?
First credit card-- Chase Freedom?
Did my employer screw up my paycheck all year with taxes?
auto loan term, am i missing something?
Any opinions or ideas for my 401k?
Any IRS peeps here? I have an HSA account that I can use to for teeth braces. How do I prove/document that my situation is not for cosmetic but rather for functionality?
I'm tired of paying hundreds of dollars to TurboTax. Is there a free tax site, or useful tutorial out there? Thanks in advance!
Did my tax agent hose me?
Is there a 'no later than' date banks are required to issue a 1099INT?
Trying to rebuild credit - will taking a loan out help?
Where can I get a $300 loan that I can pay off month by month?
What salary should a college senior ask for at his first "real job"?
Where to find account number of an Aetna HSA account?
Best credit cards for travel? (both for airfare and purchases abroad)
What will it be like marrying someone who has $250k+ in student loans?
What should I be doing with my extra money?
[NSFW] What things about sex have you always wondered that the other gender experiences?
$2000 back in tax refund...did i fill it out incorrectly?
W-2 Problem?
When should I begin paying off my student loans?
Don't want to pay for healthcare! Can you help me pay as little as possible?
What do you do in the UK if after you quit your boss refuses to pay you? (UK)
Friend of mine caught his boss stealing tips from the waiters where he worked and got fired afterward. He's worried that his boss will deny the unemployment claim. What are his options?
Friend of mine caught his boss stealing tips from the waiters where he worked and got fired afterward. He's worried that his boss will deny the unemployment claim. What are his options?
Seeking advice on leasing vs. buying a car in my situation?
How to choose a credit card?
My 0% apr credit card is about to go into 23%. Should I pay it off with my cash fund?
How am I supposed to afford a car?
(NY) Mother bought 15,000 penny stocks back in 2012, a split occurred and now she only has 1,001. what does this mean?
I can't decide what's more important... money or happiness? (help me make a decision)
Tax question: deductible miles?
Newbie's guide to investments? Traps I should know about?
Are Roth 401(k) contributions worth it?
Where to get first credit card? Need credit card for credit score, need credit score for credit card.
Does making a credit card payment every paycheck hurt my credit?
What do car dealerships use your paystub for?
I have about $4,000 on my credit card right now. I usually use it to pay for everything, then pay it off at the end of every month but I've been stupid and slacking and it built up. I won't be able to pay down much until after taxes. Should I consider doing a balance transfer?
Best way to finance an engagement ring ?
When is it okay to cancel your first credit card?
Is TD Ameritrade screwing me?
Does anyone still use a physical checkbook register?
You can finance more than 100% of the cost of a car?
car repossessed, what to do?
Why is there a maximum payment on my auto loan?
If Google came out with a Quicken/Mint/etc. alternative, would you use it?
$95k (Richmond) and $125k (San Francisco) jobs - how does location affect future job offers?
Should I pay off my credit card debt with a 401k distribution/loan?
Cheapest route to obtain a Graduate Degree while using the GI Bill?
Europe (Austria) - what to do with about €3k?
Credit hit the tank how to repair quickly? (CA)
How much do you pay your financial consultant annually?
Pension and 401k in the same spot. Good or Bad?
How much do you pay your financial consultant annually?
Estimated 2015 taxes are $30k for a $75000 salary?
Not sure if I should pay off loans first or start investing now?
Managing expenses with apps, pen and paper, or other alternative method; which do you go for?
What are some things I need to know about at 20 and about to move out?
What does your personal budget look like?
If you inherited a handful of antique gold coins in the future possibly worth hundreds of thousands, how would you go around selling it?
Should I keep all my cash on hand in my checking account?
Student Taxes/Credits (no loans), Plain English?
Can I claim mileage for an unpaid internship?
Can you be taxed for income in 2014 that you don't receive until well into 2015?
Stock Options from my foreign employer, any pitfalls to look out for?
I'm checking out of my apartment, and then taking a plane to a foreign country the next day, where I won't have a permanent address. How do I get my security deposit?
My company doesn't deduct taxes. How do I file?
I need to get my taxes straightened out. i have a few years i didnt file but have lost the W-2's. how do i go about getting them?
Are personal deductions worth counting if you make $32k?
Claimed 9 dependents on w4s falsely for last two years and have not filed. Can I get in trouble?
I'm checking out of my apartment, and then taking a plane to a foreign country the next day, where I won't have a permanent address. How do I get my security deposit?
My grandmother, cosigner of my Sallie Mae student laons, passed away. What should I expect and what are the next steps I should take?
I live in California, am in the military, and am moving to Florida in 3 months. I want to sell my American Century mutual fund (~15K) and open an account in Vanguard. Should I do it now, or wait until I move to Florida, or will it not matter?
Purchased car in 2013, didn't claim on sales tax deductions for 2013, may do I do so for 2014?
What to pay first? Larger debt with smaller interest rate, or smaller debt with (slightly) larger interest rate?
Where should I put my $90k, if not Merril Lynch?
I made 30k this year doing my own taxes I'm getting back $562, would I get a bigger return if I get done by a professional?
What to do with my old 401k(s)?
Unsure if HR Block is screwy, or this is correct?
I moved states during 2014, but only worked in my original state, how do i file taxes?
Company ended Employee Stock Purchase Plan- sell remaining shares?
What are the consequences for not filing taxes this year?
Good personal finance apps?
Churning Bank Account Rewards with Emergency Fund?
What should I do with ~$54K?
Monthly bonus, anyway to decrease the withholding?
How can I fix my credit score?
Quick question: I worked a full year part-time but i am dependent, do I still file for taxes?
I am filing two state income tax returns this year because of a move. I also rolled over two old 401ks. One 401k was rolled over when I lived one state and the other was rolled over a few days after I arrived in my new state. How do I include my rollover/Roth conversion on my state tax returns?
Disposable, prepaid debit card?
Recently single after owning a house together - Rent or Buy in the future?
25 year old recent graduate with full time job who previously filed taxes at h&amp;r block with student rate. Now looking to do it myself. Any advice?
Which is a more beneficial way of filing a tax return: filing independently, or having my Dad claim me as a dependent?
Previous employer closed 401k &amp; I received a check &lt;$1000. I understand the fed tax liability, but what about state? Is it worth it to convert it to my existing Roth IRA?
Sell individual stocks when high and move funds to savings for upcoming new mortgage?
Should I use my tax return to pay down my car and then dump it for a cheaper one?
If I wait longer to file taxes, could i get more money? (should i file now? or closer to April 15th?)
Is turbo tax safe to use ?
Might not be the place for this, but how can I cash a check on a Sunday? Do most major grocery stores (Kroger, Safeway, etc.) do this for free?
I have a Credit Card and a Car Loan from before graduating college, now that I have a real income I would think it's a good idea to refinance my loans. What should I be looking into?
Managing expenses with apps, pen and paper, or other alternative method; which do you go for?
Parent Plus Options?
I am a full time student and I paid roughly 2k in taxes last semester. Can I get a refund?
Car blew up. No money. Maxed out cards. No help from family. Advice???
32k student debt, is it as bad as it seems?
American Living abroad and haven't filed for 2012, 2013. I am moving back to the US in August. Should I file now or wait to have a professional help me out?(JPN)
Quite embarrassed to say I have minimal understanding of the VERY basics of investing and/or managing wealth - Any direction on how/where to start learning?
Should I lease and then buy out or finance?
How Much is Enough?
Is this good enough?
So... When do I start doing taxes yearly?
Previous employer closed 401k &amp; I received a check &lt;$1000. I understand the fed tax liability, but what about state? Is it worth it to convert it to my existing Roth IRA?
I made a Trust. What can I do with it?
Father passed away in 2014; received loan collection letter today... now what? (Student Loans - US)
Should I buy a new house or keep the current one?
I am terrible with money. I just turned 20. What are some habits that I should form that will better help me manage my money?
How to tackle ~90k in student loans?
Employer held too much SS tax, what now?
Can I fix an IRA contribution mistake?
What is the best way to build money to buy a house?
How long does a landlord have to collect rent?
How should I use YNAB when my new firm let's me expense everything?
Refinance my house or just pay it down?
House Purchase Fell Through Due to Low Appraisal. Can I Recover any Funds Spent on Inspections/Appraisal?
All wheel drive car worth the higher expense?
Does bad credit effect tax returns?
Confused about how dependency works for taxes, can my mom still claim me?
Is there any reason to buy treasuries?
Disclosing past firing?
What's the best website for finding private investors?
My mum just just got divorced. Got $405k from settlement, has no debt. What to do?
40%?!?!?
How to handle a collection service/company?
Should I buy a house?
Severe drop in credit score with CK Update?
Some people advise an accountant to help if your tax payment is too high. What could they do?
37yo w/45k debt, 25k IRAs, 18k pension payout coming, should I use savings to squash debt?
[US] 1099 MISC independent contractor - turbotax says I owe the feds $10,000 on roughly $30,000 in taxable income after deductions??
Loan Question: How does the amount of a loan and pay off time affect your credit?
Should I create a will even though I'm young with no dependents?
Can I switch US banks while living abroad?
Looking at going from 2 incomes in Silicon Valley to 1 income in Sacramento (110k to 70-75k). Can we afford this?
I moved about halfway through 2014, but my W-2 doesn't seem to indicate that I've paid taxes in two states. How do I make sure I paid the correct taxes to the correct states (and claim the right refunds)?
I paid off my car at the stat of this month - when will it come off my credit report?
Considerations for becoming self-employed?
[US] Ambit Energy - legit or not?
Good android apps to help save money?
Why would boss warn against Roth 401k?
Accounting for Mortgage Interest in W-2?
Allianz Life Pro Plus. Sound commitment?
Transaction failed but money still taken from my account?
should I take advantage of my credit card company's balance transfer option ?
Just bought a sizeable term life policy. How do I ensure it is used appropriately?
Car Repossessed...what should I do?
What are the tax implications if I move all funds from a $1,808 rollover IRA to a Roth IRA?
Leaving job, what to do with my 401k?
How detrimental would it be to my credit score if I were to go through the pre approval process now and again in 3 months?
As an intern, should I contribute to an employer matched 401(k)?
Can I negotiate a salary increase conditional on a degree?
Pay off half my car loan, or save the money for purchasing a home?
You just won $100 million in your state lottery, how do you choose to go about using your money wisely?
[UPDATE] Is it worth being broke in order to escape from an abusive household?
"Buy appreciating assets. Lease depreciating assets." - What the reasoning behind this saying?
Employer contribution to HSA taxable?
Disputing Claim on Credit Report - Online vs. Mail for Credit Disputes?
Is there a way to stop your credit? Someone has been spreading my personal information
Will investing in stocks change how my taxes need to be prepared?
Emergency Fund Suggestions?
Will online tax programs handle this situation?
100K in studebt loans....is it worth it?
Should I wait to refinance my mortgage? Or will my credit score not change enough to make a difference?
High Credit Score: At what point does it stop making any difference?
Company Stock buying questions?
Vanguard has 3 different tax documents for me. Can someone help explain why?
ELI5 What happens to the money spent as a down payment on a mortgage?
Should I claim myself as an independent for financial aid and tax purposes?
I am a non-resident legal alien, can I open a Roth IRA?
How do you track charitable donations? Alternatives to itsdeductible.com?
I am a non resident alien, can I open a Roth IRA?
(CA) Moving out with partner in ~2 years, how much money would I need to prepare?
I had a strange year of income, what would be the best way to file?
Pay off loan before its maturity date?
Is it a good idea to utilize multiple investment banks when investing in a retirement account?
What does this mean? "The individual lifetime federal gift tax exclusion is set at $5.34 million for 2014"
22 years old, parents said it's time for me to move out, can I make it with my income?
Option to pay off high interest student loan using a loan from a friend. Should I wait until after I buy a house?
Use an annual fee card if the benefits gained from the usage outweigh the annual fee?
I recently left my job, so how do I handle my 401k?
I'm 17 yrs old. What can I do right now to help me later?
Can someone please explain alternative student loans?
No retirement benefits from employer. Is IRA the best option?
Blog: 15 year mortgage is best. Is this true/reasonable/feasible?
Did I just screw up my taxes? Vanguard Q:
Academy of Financial Trading Review?
My wife and I make less than $60,000 per year and are employees. Should we hire a professional tax preparer or should we do it ourselves?
Should I pay a small(ish) debt off in 2 large lump sums, or in smaller payments?
Is this why you should always have a good manager or self direct your own retirement accounts?
Should I consider buying a home or try and fix my credit and savings?
What are the Pros and Cons of Consolidating Student Loans?
Where to put our cash?
In what way will cosigning for someone else's auto loan affect my credit?
Help please! Just did my taxes using TurboTax and I owe $1.8k ($250 Federal and $1500 State). How do I figure out what I'm doing wrong?
Is this why you should always have a good manager or self direct your retirement funds?
What am I doing?! Questions about investment options..that I have already explored without understanding them(CA)
Opening an IRA as a teenager?
Late 20s, first year with significant income, need advice on this debt reduction plan: how do you prioritize debt between CCs and uncapitalized student loan interest? Are IRA contributions reasonable at the same time, and if so, is traditional or Roth best at this income level?
Is mint.com trustworthy?
New Job, Haven't signed any papers, No pay stubs?
Daycare FSA, which parent to contribute (High earner or moderate earner)?
Banking: Bank closes account due to inactivity?
Tax refund too high??? $2900 Federal, $700 State (USA)
How do taxes on trust funds work?
(UK) NS&amp;I -Using Debit Card to Deposit Money?
How can I start working on being more financially responsible when I have no credit at all?
Pay off accrued student loan interest or target highest interest loan?
Percentage increase in net pay by changing W-4 status to married?
What credit card do you have and why do you love/hate it? Looking to get my first credit card.
Should I ditch my Discover card?
Rolled 401k to Trad IRA - count as contribution?
Equity Key - worthwhile?
Roommate's car caught fire. Uses it for his job, only has $1000 in the bank. What do we do?
Ill fathers employer offers suspicious "deal". Can I get some advice please?
How should I add or balance my 401k input (pre, roth, post-tax)?
Would it be wise for me to buy a house?
How long does it take to get a refund sent back to your bank account for an eBay transaction that I paid for using my debit card via Paypal?
Where should I file my taxes?
We could use reddit to make a ton of money, maybe?
Do you get Credit Unions/brokerage firms/banks treat higher net worth members better?
Is going to a university worth it?
Finally making money! What to pay for first? $2k FTB, $2k down payment on a car, $4k CC balance... help!
Graduate Loans, Stable Job, Excess E.F.?
I'm 19, should I get a credit card?
How do I increase my monthly tax deductions?
How long after starting salary do I have before they try wage garnishment again?
Should I make several large payments on my loan or save and pay it off in one large lump sum?
Does my good credit history follow me across the border? I am moving from Canada to the USA and would prefer not to start from scratch.
Consolidating student loans?
1099-INT error?
Is it illegal for my parents to be holding onto my money after the age of 18?
Forgot to file 1099s this year and last--current needs may outweigh penalties?
Friend offered to pay off student loans and I pay him - Bad idea?
I want my USAA visa to automatically update a ledger app on my phone with each purchase. Possible?
Does shutting down credit account affect Credit score?
What are your thoughts on moving an emergency fund out of cash and into a an ETF?
Have ~500E, want to start saving, whats right for me?
Grant as taxable income or not?
What can happen if someone has my social security number?
How do I find out my tax status (Details inside; it's complicated)?
Got married last year in June, but still haven't changed my status with HR. Do I still file as married?
Am I being too aggressive in paying off my student loans?
I'm moving from the US to Luxembourg -- Is there a sound method to determine the equivalent (euro) salary from my current US dollar salary in the US?
Should I pay off my student loans in a lump sum?
Can you still make an estimated tax payment after Jan 15th? Long story short I owe about $2k in taxes.
(CA) What are the pro's and con's of Mint.com and YNAB? How do you cope?
How can I raise money to study abroad?
Could I have bad credit even though it doesn't appear on my credit report?
Soon to start my first job out of college. How do I make sure I'm getting the most out of my money?
Question on my State Tax Refund &amp; Thoughts on Turbotax?
When to use insurance deductible?
Any advice on filing single? The government thinks because I am single, I must pay more taxes than those that are not.
Debt consolidation loan with little to no credit?
(CA) What are the pro's and con's of Mint.com and YNAB? How do you cope?
How would I fill the fafsa if my parents filed last years with a 1040x form which I cant find any information on?
Electing for Standard Deduction with TaxACT?
How do I put an awarded judgment on a debtor's credit report?
Broker says we have too many mortgages to do a cash-out refi….?
Is my unpaid internship in violation of The Fair Labor Standards Act? Am I owed wages?
I am searching for an apartment. I make $1900/month. All of my bills total to $123. What is the most I should pay for housing?
Have lots of credit card debt that I can't afford to pay - how do I proceed?
Alternative to withholding additional taxes?
Good Job - Mountains of Debt - Quality of Life fine - What am I missing?
Defeated the cycle of poverty, what are the basics that I need to know?
Should I start paying off student loans alone or start putting money into savings as well?
kick in the pants to get out from my auto loan?
Thinking about buying a "fixer-upper" as a first time home buyer, how do I quantify my risk/returns?
Best way to book air travel?
(US) My Father refuses to put money into a retirement fund, how can I convince him?
A friend is in financial trouble and asked me to put two vehicles in his name?
Should I pay off my credit card debt while I have a chance?
Is there a good app for budgeting?
I'm a student with debt looking to improve my credit. What's my best bet?
Do IRA contributions count as 2014 or 2015 now? Can I contribute under 2014 limits?
What is the IRS penalty for forgetting to file a 1099-B?
Dear PF, am I doing this right or am I missing something?
I've already submitted my taxes. Should I go ahead and rollover my 401k from previous employer to an IRA?
Is dental insurance worth the monthly cost?
Can I (or rather should I) use my CC this year for all my bills??
Redditors, how do you store and file your bank statements?
Can someone take a look at my 401k asset allocation?
[advice-request]I'm 36 years old and somebody has had a credit card in my name for 34.58 years and it's affecting my credit score. What should I do?
I'm 18, when should I start taking full control of my own money?
My company no longer matches my 401k. Any suggestions where I should put that money in?
I sold one group of stocks in 2014, do I need to do anything 'special' when filing?
Pay off students loans or invest/house?
I always use TT for taxes, should I compare?
Do I need to amend my tax return if I file for maximum Roth IRA contribution in 2014 after filing?
What is the median net worth of drug dealers, pimps, slum lords, and gang leaders?
Emergency: use credit, or emergency fund first?
Buy a second apartment as an investment or avoid debt at all?
Is it really profitable to get commodity tips for you?
Any success fighting Chase Bank on monthly checking fees?
What are some things I can get a decent discount on by paying in cash? (CA)
Thinking about buying a house before prices and rates increase - am I wrong to try to time the market?
Student Loans are locked in at 1%, am I crazy for only making minimum payments??
What's the catch with H&amp;R Block's 9.99 federal file?
Can I file my taxes without all my W2s?
Where can you go (in the U.S.) to determine your credit score?
100% vested in company, should I cash out my trust for a down payment on a house?
Does this count as taxable income?
24 years old, single, live alone, and have saved $20k. Should I invest it in my business or mutual funds?
Graduating college in May, will credit card balance hurt my background check for employment?
Should I open an IRA real quick to get a tax deduction for 2014?
Costs associated with a credit card I may not be thinking of?
[CA] What does the number under the 'current balance' category mean on my credit card?
How do you estimate the cost of building a house?
Career advice?
What is your monthly food budget?
Pay off auto loan before mortgage refinance?
Pros and Cons of Index Universal Life insurance?
How do you make a medical debt you shouldn't have to pay go away?
Has anyone read MONEY: Master the game by Tony Robbins yet?
IRA vs. student loan interest payments for higher income earners?
Can I set up an IRA if all my income is from rental property, cap gains (stocks), and dividends?
I am on work-visa in US. Should I invest in US or back in home country (India)?
If I make less than $700 in another state, do I need to file a tax return there?
Should I be paying interest on my $0/mo IBR student loan payments?
Is there any way to print out my free turbotax return, add in forms that turbotax charges extra for and then mail it to the IRS?
How hard is it to do your taxes yourself if it involves W2's from 2 different states?
Is there any way to print out my free turbotax return, add in forms that turbotax charges extra for and then mail it to the IRS?
How much information is too much information and what to do after the fact?
401k loan, quitting and then cashing out 401k?
Am I able to claim tuition and books on my tax return if I receive financial aid?
Starting work in July, how soon can I buy a house?
Any reason not to invest in a Roth IRA?
Just got company car, should I get a loan to pay off difference I owe selling my current vehicle?
Keep an investment property in Canada while living in the U.S.?
How do I invest in stocks?
Employer just gave me my W-2, what are the next steps? (First time doing taxes, and I wanna get some money!)
Calculate Withholding via Tax Refund?
Chicago (North Shore) - Best Banks?
Richest Man in Babylon modern language?
Like Mint but in Spreadsheet Format?
Any advice on a second CC?
Worked out of state partially in California but residence in Nevada. Paying California state income tax on whole gross income using TaxAct?
How do I start restoring my credit from medical collection reports?
Is there ANY possible way of transferring a PARENT PLUS loan to me (the child)?
Commission/Bonus on Separate Check?
Is it possible and/or practical to buy a thousand shares of a stock that fluctuates up and down a lot within the $1 range, sell right away every time it makes you about $500, and repeat over and over again?
Am I in the right situation to buy a house/condo?
I want to renegotiate some of my loans/finances. Should I be doing this before I shop for a mortgage, or after? (CA)
Is it worth going into debt (around $30K) for an amazing, high ranking and good job placement college or going to a state school where I am guaranteed no debt?
Lease or Buy a car? 20 years old, starting internship. (USA, F-1 OPT)
Thoughts on using 2014 tax return for 2015 tax liability?
$4,000 cash; 800 credit score; $60k year salary......buy a house?
Would it be unwise to put a large chunk on my investments into a condo? And can we really afford a $400k condo? (US
[USA] Will using a debit card "as credit" help build one's credit score?
My home mortgage is 5 years into a 30 year fixed at 4.85%. I can refinance it down to 4.00%, save 91.00/mo on payments and 26,000 over the life of the new mortgage. Those figures include almost all of the closing costs. Why would I not do this?
Can my Landlord deduct normal wear and tare repairs from my security deposit?
Home Equity Loan to build credit?
Unplanned pregnancy: Where do we even start with our finances?
How to deduct overseas donations on my taxes?
Best way to get a $1300 loan?
What are my rights in reclaiming rent for leaving early? (UK)
Where can I learn how to budget and save money?
What's PF's thoughts on dividend paying funds like VHDYX?
How can I learn how to budget and save money?
We just adopted our first child. We finalize in July. What is the best way to take advantage of the adoption tax credit? How does the credit work?
Does Credit Karma / Transunion3.0 account for missed payments on closed accounts in its total score?
Advantages/disadvantages of opening a credit card?
At what point does it make sense to hire someone to do my taxes?
Can I estimate or omit a (very) small amount of income?
Separated with a dependent. File together or separately?
Opened my IRA with Vanguard. What is a Vanguard Prime Money Market Fund (VMMXX)?
Post undergrad. What would you do in my situation?
How did you start saving up and why?
Seeing as how how credit history gets erased every seven years and that I'm 19 should I max out every credit card I can?
Has anyone received their tax refund yet?
tax help?
Am I a Head of Household? Having some difficulty understanding if I qualify.
Am I allowed to pay lower withholding?
[Request] First time H&amp;R/Jackson Hewitt user here...What should I know before walking into their door this tax season (US)?
Can I actually afford to buy a house?
2.38% refi offer.. What's the catch?
[Wealth Management] Should we sell the house and invest the earnings or put it on a will [NAM]?
Apartment application fees? How do I know whether to risk the money if I don't know if they want me there or not?
What should I be aware of when moving into my first apartment with my wife?
How screwed am I?
Received payments after my job ended - should I keep contacting old employer?
Can I afford to move out while I'm student teaching?
What should I be aware of when moving into my first apartment with my wife for a short period of time? (2 years maximum)
I answer "yes" to most of those funny tax commercials, but didn't see any of that stuff when filing on my own. Do they do anything?
should I close a low limit fee card that makes up a small fraction of my available credit?
Can I Afford a New Phone? (18)
Family offering to give money for condo downpayment. Should we use it? (CA)
[TAX] My new employer gives us our full paycheck without taxes taken out, with the expectation that we do it ourselves. How do I do this?
Why do people buy gold? On average, does the price of gold tend to increase more than inflation or below inflation? Does gold tend to beat putting your money in a bank at, say, 2%?
Medical Bills - Negotiate Payoff Amount?
I was given $5000 from my family and was wondering what the best option would be if I don't have any debts and already have an emergency fund?
25 with a lot of college debt...when do I start putting money into savings?
I have had a credit card with $1000 owed when the account went delinquent 7 months ago. How does this effect my credit, and hat steps can i take to pay off the debt?
Claim Computer on Tax Return?
What's the process like for post-tax contributions to an HSA after having already paid for medical service?
I have been an employee for 8 years, but had to leave for a month and lost my grandfathered paid vacation, can I do anything?
How much should I [24f] help with my partners [30m] mounting financial problems [UK]??
Will the county send me a "property taxes paid" summary, or do I have to keep track of that myself?
How to create a personal balance sheet and cash flow statements ?
Changing jobs and losing my employer provided health insurance, What are my options for my domestic partner?
Lost job as cameraman. Should I spend £20,000 to go freelance or retrain as a paramedic?
Does having a credit card that I don't use affect my credit at all?
How am I ever going to afford a place to live?
Is it possible to free myself of debt whilst working for minimum wage? (UK)
Should I negotiate for a lower AMEX interest rate? 27.24% currently
What is a good secondary source of income?
How to ask for a raise when you negotiated a 3-month review?
What is the difference between a state 529 fund and a Vanguard 529 fund?
What am i doing wrong with my mortgage calculator? (Excel)
US Taxes Overseas: DIY or hire someone?
Really bad at budgeting and saving? Need advice.
$200k in student loans, consolidated at 7% interest. Advice?
Is it worthwhile to save all receipts throughout the year?
First-time homeowner, do taxes myself or go to professional?
best online portfolio charting tool?
Lived together all year, married in December, she made less than $3,950. Can I claim her as a dependent on taxes?
1 cc has $5,700 at 7.24%, the other has $1,780 at 15.24%. Which is accruing more interest?
I've been threaten to be evicted by my co-op board for having my gf living with me. Will this affect my credit score?
Converted a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA early this year, 1099-R shows a different amount to what the statement says?
24 and still trying to figure out things. How am I doing and what can I improve upon?
Fidelity Freedom for both tax advantaged accounts?
Graduating and getting married in May, how should we approach this coming year?
How long do you have to wait between loan apps?
Employers, do you ever come across perfectly scripted Remit Sethi approaches?
Best single metric to gauge personal financial health?
question about my bonds 1099 form i got?
Just received a statement for a 401k from a previous employer. No prior knowledge of this account. What are my options?
How many of you have separate bank accounts that your spouses / partners don't know about?
What to do about this deceptive surety bond debt?
Ex GF's car loan is in my name...Help?
Purchased stock earlier in the year and haven't sold anything. Do I need to claim anything on my taxes?
Overcontributed to 401k last year. What now?
Why is everyone around me so concerned with my income when I'm more concerned of my net worth? Am I tracking myself incorrectly?
What does it cost to feed your family of four?
When do you put extra toward your debt?
Should I take my money out of the stock market?
Increase my tax refund?
Lending parents money?
Finding a auto loan with poor credit - What is my best option?
How likely am I to be sued over ~$800 in Medical debt in collections?
Past problems with debt. New job gives me GBP 2,000 pcm after tax. What should I do?
Inherited several oz of gold and silver coinage. How do I sell this stuff?
I've been interning for a company for about 2 years and my boss now wants to give me some money through a 1099. Does this sound fishy?
What are the benefits of paying off debt collectors?
Just closed out one of my 3 credit cards, did I screw up?
I'm a 17 year old about to come in to a 6 digit sum, what's the best advice you can give me?
[UK] How badly will a debt management plan affect my ability to rent?
Boss forgot to pay me in 2014, he said he will compensate it this week, can I put it in '14 tax return?
Should I get a roommate or can I afford my own place?
Should I get an individual or joint mortgage with my girlfriend?
I have a lease with 2 other people - if one of them pays rent and we pay her, will that still build all of our credit?
Do I legally have to claim someone as a dependent on my taxes? If I claim someone as a dependent, am I required to provide them with health insurance?
Screw over by new employer. What to do?
Overpaid be federal employer during internship; tax season; accountant said to not worry?
Rating of the Long Term Disability Insurance Providers?
I started a new job in October - What to do with my old 401(k)?
My annual review is next month.. I saw some data that upset me. What to do?
H&amp;R Block or CPA for tax return?
Allocation In A Target Date Fund?
Best minimum wage entry-level job to further opportunities/save money?
Pay off huge student debt all at once and say bye to all my savings, or pay $400 a month for 30 years? (Scandinavia)
Tax Advice: I paid $35,025 (USD) between Federal, SS and Medicare but still owe the IRS $103 in taxes. I don't own a home anymore, don't have stock and am living with my partner for 5 years but not married. Is it worth it to get married to save on Taxes or will it be negligible?
Any Reasons Not to Put Emergency Fund in Money Market/Cash Funds of Roth IRA?
A Blessing and a Curse? (Lotto)
I have a credit card that I rarely use, and I just got a letter from the bank stating they're going to close the account if I don't use it soon. Will letting the account close affect my credit score?
How are there so many million+ dollar homes?
Saving for a down payment in the next year or so. Best place to park "cash"?
Is there anything I can do if my employer does not distribute my W-2 on time?
Should I attempt to refinance my rental properties or continue to pay my higher interest rates?
You're given $100k...how would you invest it, while keeping some liquidity for a rainy day?
Old internship employer asking for SSN for 1099. What should I do?
What are the exceptions for not being fined for not having insurance?
Sent a debt validation letter and the CA came back with a check- how should my next letter be drafted?
Pay down car loan or fund Roth IRA?
I was married in 2014. Why is my tax return so small when filing together?
What would be my actual salary in real terms?
Consolidated student loans with varying interest rates. Any benefit to paying more towards 1 than another?
Hertz Car Rental screwed me over. Am I able to resolve this some how? Please help!
$100k in savings - any advice on investing for &gt;1% return?
Planning for 2015 taxes - would a financial professional help two DINKs with boring finances?
Marriage, FAFSA, and Taxes. How do they all relate?
Any way to get bank fees reversed?
Why is being upside down on a car loan so bad?
What is your monthly income and how much of it do you spend on food? How much of that is groceries vs eating out?
Fiance's parents claiming her on taxes?
Credit check, will past landlord come up if i paid with a check made out to him?
Best way to avoid taxes on your hard earned money?
Do I have to file a Federal tax return on an LLC that had no income ?
Someone claimed me as a dependent. Help?
Switching insurance?
Am I still able to be claimed as a dependent for my parents?
Student Loan Debt Consolidation - Specific Questions &amp; Is It Too Late To Justify?
Am I saving enough?
Denied secured credit card, what now?
Hi I just sold my first stock holdings for a profit. what now? I live in california.
Can someone please explain to me what the difference is between Married Filing Separately and Married Filing Jointly?
21y/o pregnant F. Will my parents healthcare cover my child's healthcare costs?
Trying to do taxes on Turbotax. I signed in, from my account last year. But there is no tab to click for this years taxes. I am on mobile, if it helps. why won't Turbotax let me start this year?
My wife pays almost no tax out of each paycheck, could we end up owing?
How do authorized user accounts weigh vs primary holder accounts on your credit report?
Do I need to pay taxes on cash my friends paid me to stay in my house?
So I'm lucky enough to be in a good place...where do I go from here?
If i contribute my maximum rate in canda (17%) to my rrsp's my 2nd year working, will my first years unused RRSP contributions carry over indefinitely?
How do I adjust my tax withholdings for an internship? Is it possible?
In regards to credit score, does it matter who pays off student loan debt?
Check information?
How do I deal with this windfall?
Spending to Save?
How can I un-clutter my 401k? (stupid me started allocations at 3%/3%/3%/3%/3%/3%/3% etc...)
Any tips to make sure I get the most on tax returns? [IL, USA]
How can I legally pay someone to help me with my small internet business on a part time basis with order fulfillment and shipping, etc?
Does it make sense to switch to a TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite credit card ($120/yr, Aeroplan, sign-up bonus) from a TD Rebate Reward Visa ($0/yr, 0.5% cashback) when spending is approximately $1200? (CA)
What kind of records are needed to deduct travel expenses for a 1099?
Should health insurance through an employer be taken out before taxes?
Aren't I losing value by putting in in a savings account?
What does "Cash Back" on a home loan mean?
(AU) Is it wise to use a spreadsheet to predict future net incomes and expenditure or is this an over-complication that is doomed to fail?
When to consider a new car?
My husband is in arrears with child support, I'm the only one working, how does this affect taxes?
Should I file my own taxes?
I work part-time, go to school full-time, and I pay for all of my school out of my own pocket. I live with my parents for free and only pay for internet. Should I file my taxes alone or with my parents?
Stocks vested, but more than half of them sold?
What is the rule when buying a house?
Where can I get the best deal on TurboTax Premier (online version)?
Am I on the right track?
When will the FAFSA check my account?
80/20 loan or wait and save for 3.5% down?
What is everyone's opinion of Discover cashback checking?
I work part-time, go to school full-time, and I pay for all of my school out of my own pocket. I live with my parents for free and only pay for internet. Should I file my taxes alone or with my parents?
How do student loans affect my credit?
Does Moving Off Campus affect FAFSA aid?
Newbie question, but how do I get insurance?
can you take a look at this portfolio for a 28 year old and give me any tips?
I have an opportunity to be gifted a house, but I'm not sure if I should take it?
E-file late taxes?
Start-up is growing, just got promoted, how do I maximize my raise without looking greedy?
Problem with taxes, could someone please help me figure this out??
Should you still pay a charged off credit card debt even though you have relocated back to your home country?
Can you get money from Tax Credits? (US / CA)
Is this application a good idea to invest my spare change in an application?
What to do if I keep getting paid for something I sold?
With Tax season upon us, what are some tax deductions that most people overlook?
How do I start investing? Looking for advice!
Credit Karma boost?
Small amount of money gifted to my one year old, what should I do with it that will bring the best results?
What are the best PF videos on Youtube?
Is there such thing as too much overtime?
Can I go back and correct last years tax return?
e-file late return online?
How/When do you pay bills?
Living in the US, but earning in a depreciating currency. What can I do to mitigate this plunging value?
How to start investing with everything else that needs to be saved up for?
What to do with stocks from my own company?
When do I jump ship from high interest CC to low?
Does it make sense to take a higher percentage on my mortgage to get a better lender credit?
Pay down mortgage or invest? Mortgage up for renewal in July. (CA)
Does tax bracket amounts mean how much I'll owe for just federal income tax or...?
How would YOU pay for medical/dental/law school/expensive graduate education?
Budgeting help? 23 year old
Help! Accidentally delinquent on my student loans... Any way to fix?
FAFSA for grad students--file independently or with parents?
How to file taxes if I used an independent contractor who is not a US resident?
Difference between filing for Federal &amp; State Tax Return?
23 year old engineer - Salaried or Contracted?
How the hell did our federal tax refund triple??!
Help me understand how an inheritance would work?
I'm doing my taxes and have a question on child care costs. Can anyone help me?
Wait for the statement to pay credit card?
Should I get a W2?
Can I do my taxes for 2012/2013 that I didn't do?
Is it too late to do a backdoor Roth-IRA contribution for 2014?
Healthcare Savings Accounts for those without a high deductible?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of moving out at 18 years old?
Does the statute of limitations reset if the company I owed the debt to changes the amount?
Will changing jobs affect my pending mortgage?
Should I do a roth or pre-tax 401k contribution?
Social Security Disability work credits?
[UK] Recently came into £5k. Have debts of £8k. What to pay off first?
Save first then spend?
Possible to amend previous year taxes?
Will I have to pay for my Landlords travel costs/ attorney fees if i lose in small claims court?
Should I use my student loans to help build my credit?
(USA) Started Job as Independent Contractor - Should I do my own taxes?
The power company wants to acquire easement across my property. How do I get the most money for this?
Extra money from clinical trials?
Getting married in August. How do I protect my credit and our future?
Save first then spend?
Does anyone here maximize the tax advantage of their charitable contributions by contributing twice as much in one year and then taking the standard deduction the next year?
Homeless uncle i'm trying to help. What do i do?
Forgot to turn in taxes last year, what do I do?
23 yr old, just landed 55k/yr job, what credit card should I choose?
Why do MF earnings on TD Ameritrade differ so greatly from my actual earnings?
Savings Account VS IRA Savings?
Tax wise, is it better to purchase a car before or after marriage?
Can I benefit financially from buying a car in another state?
I'm 23 and am considering buying a 3 (or 4) bedroom house in Southern California to live in one room and rent out the others, am I in over my head?
Online mortgage company? Quicken or lending tree?
Is the tax on a vehicle deductible?
Tax credits/deductions for house building?
Should I get a tax preparer this year?
[REFINANCE] - Am I covering everything?
GF just had her car repossessed (CT, US). Should she pay repo fees or let it go?
Number of allowances for tax withholding needs to be accurate by law???
Lowering MAGI by bootstraping student loan interest?
What's my best option for filing taxes with income from two states, and residency in a third?
Can I legally claim my mother as a dependent if she's on disability benefits through Social Security?
Are their any advantages or perks that come with the age of a bank account?
Can I afford a house yet?
Which tax method would you recommend for allocating mortgage interest and real estate taxes for a rental property (that was used as personal for a portion of the year)?
What's the easiest to use budget template on here?
Who should file taxes? Me or my mother?
Online mortgage company? Quicken or lending tree?
Best filing site for taxes?
Are there any advantages or perks that come with the age of a bank account?
Is regularly getting a 'cash advance' from a credit card bad for your credit (even if you pay it off right away)?
I've learned a lot--how am I doing so far and what are my next steps? (early 20s)
Active duty Air Force member with no plans to stay in after my enlistment is up. How do I set myself up for success?
Should I switch to a new bank?
Credit card question. How do I find and clean up what's out lingering there?
What is the best way to credit check a potential roommate?
Should I apply for a credit card?
Is there any benefit in making a loan/CC payment a few days earlier than it is due?
Do I have to report my payment to the IRS?
You got 40K how do you double it ?
[Budgeting or Saving] As a poor teen working a £5 an hour job, what should I be using my money for? Am I using it correctly right now?
[CREDIT QUESTION] Pay off all at once?
I just signed up for a Simple IRA through my job. In a nutshell, what kind of plans should I make now and in the future?
Under my circumstances, can I afford to buy this house?
I've been given a valuable coin collection. What do I do?
US Long-term Capital Loss error two years ago. Should I amend? [x-post r/tax]
Any advice on waiting on the Canadian Dollar? (CA)
How to report girlfriend contributing to mortgage payment on taxes?
Under my circumstances, can I afford to buy this house?
My new employer says I need to switch from salary to hourly, take a pay cut, and cut my hours or I have to quit. What can I do?
18 years old, never had a credit card. Looking to open one. What is the best way to build credit?
Should I claim my S.O. As a Dependent?
Applying for grad school and financial aid. Should I say past loans were in my name or parents?
Amended return 1040x attachments?
Hospital billing error leads to collection. Hospital is doing their part so far, but the collection agency is being shady. Help?
How can I learn to be more risk tolerant and start investing? Is it even something that can be learned?
US Tax question related to stock sales: If I profited under a certain dollar amount can skip all the investment forms? Same question for 401k returns.
Trying to buy a car... Loan advice?
How do I pay taxes?
US Tax question related to stock sales: If I profited under a certain dollar amount can skip all the investment forms? Same question for 401k returns.
If I made less than $200 last year can I/ do I file taxes?
How much would a poor credit score of my SO affect a mortgage rate if I have an excellent credit score?
Claiming 0 plus withholding extra to avoid owing federal taxes?
Why can I only check my credit reports through mail? It's 2015
I forgot to file the 1098-e with my w-2. Can I still file it?
30 Year old software engineer - permanent or contractor?
At what point do you consider beefing up an Emergency Fund over Aggressively Paying Debt?
Which (financial-related) data points should I look at when thinking about relocation?
Help With Pay for Delete?
Tax problem: Company I worked for early last year is being sued by the Government and is dissolved but is still conducting business under a different name. What do I do?
Mom stole my identity - Will her life be ruined if I file a police report?
My credit card and reserve line are...not good. My bank called me to today to talk about consolidating what I owe with a premiere loan. Is this a trap?
I lost my job, does that mean I owe back all my tax credits from the Healthcare Marketplace?
I swear I'm smart - I want to file taxes myself this year - What exactly does TurboTax do that I can't do myself?
American started working in Australia when currency was 1:1. Am I out of line asking for a salary renegotiation now that it's 0.75:1? If I were to move back home now, I'd be pretty screwed.
I started a small business last year but never incorporated. Can doing so now save me on 2014 taxes?
Dependent Care Benefits mistakenly elected for through my employer. How do I proceed filing while claiming no dependents?
Reporting minimal freelance income?
Anyone have any templates for paying off debt?
(CA) Help finding a decent credit card?
33 YO, L1 visa software engineer from Eastern Europe, GC in process, not sure if I want to stay in US when I'll become old. Best way to manage taxes?
Online/from home work? (CA)
As a high school student working part-time, should I enroll in my employer's 401k?
Invested in a Roth IRA two years ago. Have not looked at it since today. What else should I do to it?
Too late to start an IRA?
How much money do you need in a brokerage/savings account before they start sucking up to you or providing better than average service?
Anyone successful in filing a dev bootcamp as a work-related educational expense in their taxes?
I missed last year's tax return, am I screwed?
What affect does a credit on your credit card have on your credit score?
Does my step-daughter have to file a tax return even though she only was paid less than $500 in 2014?
If I am maxing my employer sponsored SIMPLE IRA, can I still open another ROTH IRA and contribute to that?
Is depreciation on appliances / furniture tax-deductible in an owner-occupied rental situation?
Unpaid bill sent to collection agency. I can afford to pay it and don't want it on my credit. What are my options?
Based on my situation, what would be a better use of my tax refund?
Is Community College a Bad Idea?
Should I sell my company stocks each month?
How much is professional school worth?
Gym membership or build my own?
How to file independent taxes?
Someone used my gmail account's address to file their taxes through Turbotax. Should I be worried?
PF: Am I doing this the right way?
Should I rent my current house and buy new?
Accidentally opened two of the same credit cards at the same time. If I cancel one of them will it adversely affect my credit?
Would it be financially irresponsible to buy a house in my current situation?
Recently received a sum of money on heritage, what should I do with it? (BR)
Tax noob: what do I do for HSA?
How can I afford to pay for my mother's life?
Am I legally allowed to purchase a home with a FHA loan and then rent an apartment at the same time?
If I dissolve Nevada LLC prior to commencing business, do I need to file taxes?
Canadian taxes: I'm missing one and a half months worth of invoices. Is there anything I can do?
With $500, what can I do?
my employer didn't pay me for 1 week of work however i got a promotion at the same time should i say anything?
What are the best personal finance videos on the internet??
Is it bad that I have the money to buy a house but I don't want the responsibility of owning one?
Who knows where to get counterfeit USD?
Why should I pay highest interest rate debt first?
Where is the money coming from? Worried about family finances
How much money did you have saved when you purchased your very first home?
Can You Spend HSA Money on International Travel and Treatment?
What is the real difference between cash back and rewards credit cards?
I made less than $1000 on airbnb, do you have to pay taxes?
What are the best personal finance videos on the internet??
it's a will. aka how do i get rid of my stuff after i'm dead?
Eating out at work regularly, eating for social reasons: is it worth the money spent?
Received a W-2 and 1099 from the same employer,after having past issues for being misclassified, what should I do?
How much of a credit limit should I ask for?
Tax questions. What can I do if I haven't received, or don't anticipate receiving, my W-2 from a previous employer?
Water Phoenix's strengh?
Employer asking for a W9 6 months after first employed. Was never asked to fill out paperwork when hired. Is employer missclassifying me as an independent contractor?
Buying a secondary market US bond maturing in 2 months...am I missing something?
My boyfriend just got a letter from a Debt Collection Agency about his Student Loan... Can it possibly be fake?
Do I need to print 1099-MISC for independent contractors on special paper?
As a new student just starting University, are accounts with interest free overdraft a good idea?
Long Term Planning With Lower Expected Future Income?
Is there an easy way to benefit from high interest rates and low exchange rates in Russia? What risks are there?
If I deposit money in a roth ira, then move the money to another account will I suffer penalties?
Thinking about applying for Citi Double Cash as a Med student. Will I be approved?
Poverty to Millions, how realistic is it and how would you go about it?
A former employer is asking now for tax information, but I have already filed and received my refund from federal and state. What do I do?
I am a 31 year old who has been putting $75 a week into an Simple IRA. Should I convert it to a Roth IRA because of my age?
HSA Contributions = Reduced Social Security Benefits?
How do I go about filing taxes from previous years if I don't have W2's? Am I just completely screwed?
Credit Karma shows different score on iPhone app vs website, which is correct?
Healthcare.gov marketplace prices depend on income so much?
(EUR) Student without debt - sell gold to invest?
What is your experience in Peer-to-Peer lending? (AU)
What would YOU do? (Student loan and emergency fund question)
Which to pay off with tax refund?
Can we afford a second house?
PMI not deductible on state return?
No debt. Maxed IRA/401K/HSA. Own my home. How else can I structure my assets to optimally grow and avoid taxes? What's next? (US)
How do authorized user accounts weigh vs primary holder accounts on your credit report?
Made too much money without realizing the need to pay self-employment tax. Options?
Filing taxes on my first "real" job - refund seems low?
What should I do with a frozen Pension/401k from an employer I left years ago?
Where to invest in vanguard - brokerage vs vanguard.com ?
22 y/o Male, Questions about the benefits of "IRA" account?
Need a break from cat videos? File your taxes today and use your return to buy your own cat. FREE Tax Filing!
Switched Jobs, not on new 401k. Can I deduct the max amount on a traditional IRA?
Should I move?
Does anyone have a graph of their net worth or net income over 10+ years?
Credit card # recently got stolen. Any additional steps I should take?
If I activate a credit card, but never use it hurt my credit score?
Does a secured credit card help you establish credit?
Vantage 3.0 and Paid Collections?
Does anyone have a graph of their net worth or net income over 10+ years?
19 years old. Im putting 1k (give or take 50 bucks) a month into my savings. Closing in on 10k, what should I do with it?
Should I even consider opening a Vanguard IRA if I cant contribute the minimum investment right away?
When filing taxes, is there some shortcut for short-term, low-income jobs? Can I skip filling out the W-2s?
Have 10k in a retirement account that earns flat 5%; Should I roll it over into my current ,more traditional 401k (vanguard target retirement)?
For an HSA, what are the official interpretations of "incurred" and "opened" dates?
College student with ~9k in savings What should I do with it??
Sell ESOP?
Can someone look at my 401k plan choices?
Down payment not showing up on car loan?
Why doesn't tax withholding match the obligation?
Why do Loan Officers push 30 year mortgages?
I've used the searchbar and read the sidebar, and I still have a question about finances after moving in with your partner (canada)?
What is a "subsidized" student loan?
Two jobs in 2014. One W-2. What do?
How much paid time off do you guys have saved up? Is there a generic "you need at least 2 weeks at all times" rule or anything you guys have?
Should I ask my bank to refinance my car loan for lower interest rate?
End of year bonus is being considered 1099-MISC. Is that normal?
Betterment for IRAs?
19 UK how much a week would it cost to run a home?
Figured out the best way to make money online. Also can teach you about finances and investing. Wanna master money?
Should my friend refinance her car?
Can I downgrade my credit card to a card with no fees, without closing the account?
(Taxes) Made only ~$400 last year. Also, SSI backpay?
How do international wire transfers work? Which bank does currency conversion?
I have 5K Debt on my 7% interest line of credit. Should I pay it off before I start building an emergency fund?
Is return on social security simple interest or compound interest?
Just found out that my Wife and I owe a lot of taxes this year, almost 10k. Totally confused on what to do now ? Please help
For the past year I've been putting money into different jars as savings (one for EF, Grad school, Rent, etc.) but from a few comments I've seen I should probably be putting this in an account... could I had advice on which would be the best option?
Should I take this job?
Is there any type of account I could set up for my kid's college savings that friends and family could see and contribute to?
Still in college with no debt and a decent amount of money saved up, what are my options?
Sanity check for home purchase?
Can you please critique our debt situation? Thank you!
M23 paid off all my credit card debt, credit score bad, how to fix?
Opening up a credit card for a travel expense?
Advice on paying off a judgement? (xposting from legaladvice)
How do you motivate yourself to live in shitty conditions in order to save money?
They say $1M is the magic number for retirement, but what if it's a Roth 401k where you've already been taxed?
Parent Plus Loan Interest Claim on Taxes?
They say $1M is the magic number for retirement, but what if it's a Roth 401k where you've already been taxed?
/r/PF, My apartment burned down last summer. Anything I can do on my taxes?
Do salary reporting websites (BLS, PayScale, etc) include overtime pay?
Did work with a company over the summer, agreed to take a 1099 but have a feeling they won't send one out. Advice?
If 401(k)s had no contribution limits, how much would you contribute per year?
Dumb question: Which state do I fill out a tax withholding form for? Where I live, or where I work?
My roommates boss won't pay her for more than 8 hours a day but she works much more than that. What can she do?
I'm inheriting a house I can't afford, but don't want to lose it. Anything I can do?
Lied on my taxes in order to avoid IRS investigating my state government office. Can I get in trouble?
What type of savings account should I set up for my son? (CA)
Should I refinance my car?
YNAB for higher incomes?
Should I wait till the next generation of android phones are released before purchasing a current generation phone?
Dentist office said procedure would be covered by insurance when it wasn't. How can I dispute without affecting my credit?
Full time student, made $11.7k last year, have my w-2 and 1098t, how the hell should i file my taxes?
Refinance my mortgage?
Should I avoid a secured card while paying off debt?
I'm a student and I just cashed in ~$7.5k in US bonds to pay for my term bill. How would this affect my financial aid next year and my taxes?
I just got a 1099-A for a foreclosure. Box 5 is checked. Can I still claim insolvency?
Just accepted a position as a 1099 Salesman. What should I expect as 1099 vs W2?
Defaulted on a student loan a few years back. Whats the best legitimate way to pay this off?
Paying off owed taxes &amp; saving for a new baby; are we on the right track?
National Enterprise Systems - scam or legitimate loan rehabilitation program?
My Wife and I are looking to buy a car, we have good credit and $5000.00 to put downs well as a trade in. We want our payments to be around $300.00 a month. What sounds like a reasonable MSRP to look for?
Why is my boyfriend's student loan minimum payment going up?
Dumb question: For which state do I fill out a tax withholding form? The state I live in, or the state I work in?
(US) Tax Question. How to I claim a payment made to the Department of Workforce Development (for overpaid unemployment) on my taxes?
I just paid off my car, what happens next?
Keep putting money in 403(b) or start a Roth IRA? (Also, is Roth the best option?)
Quit my job - What should I do with my Roth IRA?
So, I worked for a company for less than a full hour. The paycheck was &lt;10 dollars after taxes from it. Do I receive a w-2 from them?
401k vs IRA, should I contribute to both or one?
Taxes can't be right, can they?
I'm about to destroy my credit. Can anyone tell me what's going to happen?
Unfair compensation from employer on final paycheck. Any advice/help?
PF - Will help this 22 year old get financially straight?
I can't recall which jobs i've done taxes for these past years. Is there a way for me to find out which jobs I need to get W2s for or which jobs I have done W2s for?
How to tell my mom I want to temporarly quit my job?
My ($11/hr) employer asked me if I wanted to sign up for healthcare, I said no. (I am in my 20's, pretty healthy and statistically, I am less likely to need it). I am about to sign a "waiver of coverage" to waive my health insurance. I understand there's a penalty? How much? What to do? Halp?
Windfall / home purchase advice?
(Advice) Is it reasonable to ask for reduced rent during a bathroom renovation?
Is there a way to see if you filed the year before?
What is the best way to use your tax refund, if you do receive one?
Medical right offs?
Medical write offs?
College student with a part time hobby, do I need to register as a business and fill out tax info?
Approaching retirement. Think we have enough money. Do we need a financial advisor?
Credit Cards?
Just noticed Collections on Equifax, haven't been contacted by OC or CA -- How should I approach this?
How does everyone feel about Mint? YNAB seems like more work, I have to input every transaction?
No longer planning on buying property…what to do with money saved for intended down payment?
I owe taxes. I live in CA. WHY?
I accidentally tipped $300 dollars on $30 dollars of takeout food. Is there anything I can do?
I am 30 and only have 20k in savings. Is there any hope?
My parents always told me to claim 0 allowances. Is this smart?
[US][California] Girlfriend moved in Jan 11th. Claiming her as a dependent?
HELP: Is it possible for me to owe money in taxes when I make such little income?
How can I save a good amount of money?
receiving a chunk of cash: downpayment? investment? retirement? or massive trip?
Deferred, subsidized loan… while making regular payments?
Looking into buying my first used car from a dealer need advice?
How do I know if I qualify for financial aid?
The value of my mutual funds has increased since my initial investments, but my cost basis is still higher than the current market value. Why am I suffering losses on a fund which has grown since my initial investment? Need some help understanding/reconciling this information.
CDs?
Best way to handle your currency dropping in value when you live abroad?
Should I declare myself a dependent for taxes?
How to responsibly manage money from an apprenticeship? (UK)
What percent of savings should be spent on a car?
Tax Deduction on Student Loan Interest???
What to do with £20k?
I'm a Canadian looking to be more of a saver, not a spender. Suggestions?
Can someone explain mutual funds to me?
Can someone explain mutual funds to me? The typical risk/return. I've been investing in short term cds for a while now, but I'm looking for more growth.
Has anyone here done College Pro Painting?
Should I pay my University fees upfront? (AU)
Buying a motorcycle. Save up or take out a loan?
Who can I contact about a discrepancy concerning a debt in collections on my credit report?
I think my part-time job withheld NO federal taxes!?
Anyone else annoyed by HSA Administrators' Inception-style account?
Give car to Charity?
Can I afford to buy a home?
Taxes Withheld versus Actual Tax Burden, or "Why is my refund $X??"
25 years old, credit noob, about to start a new job in Boston at 40k/yr. My goal is a downpayment on a house in 3 years. Am I fooling myself?
Paying a credit card with another the same as a balance transfer?
I received a credit card I didn't apply for - should I worry? (UK)
Should I pay off my truck?
So I just saved 2.5k on my taxes by trying three different online softwares until I found one that would calculate my out-of-state schedule C stuff correctly. What software do you use?
Where can I file last years taxes?
Ways to share success with family in a healthy fashion?
If a relative pays off student loans, then forgives the debt, what are the tax liabilities?
Finally have the opportunity to refinance my private student loans (65K) - do I choose variable or fixed interest rate?
Would I be considered a dependent under my parents?
Missed Earned income credit this year is there anything I can do?
First time filing as a 1099. What are some common deductions to help me lighten the tax burden?
Anybody here significantly downsized their life?
25 with $90,000 in a checking account. Should I go with indexes or a financial planner?
I was told by everyone I know and their grandmothers to put 0 on my W-4 but I put 1 (myself?) because I wanted a bigger check. Did I make the right choice or did I screw myself over?
Am I nuts?
Is Credit Card use for everyday items a bad idea IF you still stick with your budget and pay off balance monthly in full?
Should I convert non-deductible IRA contributions to a Roth IRA?
My girlfriend has a growth fund set up in her name with her mother as custodian. She just received a form 1099-b, with the account balance reading 0. Did her mother empty the account and stick her with the income tax? Is that what the 1099-b means?
I am 19, never filed my taxes before. Where do I start?
Mid 20’s Married Couple with 105k combined salary and 60k debt – Should We Rent or Own?
Forgot to file second W2. Already spent return on first W2. What are my options? What do I do?
Earned incomes in 2 states in 2014, how to file?
How long could i stretch out a credit card bill without hurting my credit?
Of the companies you bank with, who have you had the best/worst customer service experience with?
T-Mobile collection agency threatening my family with bankruptcy over "late fee", what do I do?
I'm a Canadian living in Canada but I also have an American SSN and passport. Do I have to file for taxes for my income if any?
Comcast told me they would do a soft credit pull but it was actually hard. anything I can do?
T-Mobile collection agency threatening my parents with bankruptcy over "late fees", what do I do?
What is the minimum payment on a Chase Freedom card?
(Taxes) Are earnings under 409A taxable in the year they are earned?
How much money should I save up before I quit my job?
How much reading is necessary and sufficient for moving to self-managed, index-based investing?
I refinanced at the beginning of the year, and my old mortgage company issued me an escrow refund by check. Do I need to report this on my taxes?
Auto insurance quote of $4,000+ a year... 22 years old, used Honda Accord, good grades, no accidents. What to do?
For jobs that aren't paying for OT/extra hours work/etc which route is the best?
Thinking about buying an apartment for my parents to live in. How to structure this arrangement?
Will a cashiers check work if just first name is on it?
Am I owed back pay?
Taxes - 2013 Fed refund $732, 2014 only $87. What gives?
Any recommended reading for poor people looking to get ahead?
Good non-finance analogy for index funds?
Claim girlfriend as dependent? [US]
Best approach/loan/card for paying down CC debt in my situation?
Bought a house last year, should I do my taxes myself, buy turbo tax deluxe, or just pay someone to do them?
I've just been thrown out of my house. What do I need to know?
GF's employer messed up her taxes, how should I proceed?
Worked for university dining services, can't log on to the employee page since I'm not employed anymore, where do I find my W-2?
Is Car Insurance premium tax deductible?
[CA, USA] $2227 taxable educational scholarships. Do I make enough money to be forced to pay tax? This is my only source of money for 2014.
Got a letter from creditor saying I had to report the $871 of debt relief I received as "other income" on my tax return. I had no idea and already filed and got my return...what do I do now?
Would it be more financially sound to invest $20,000 in a house or an education?
Recent Grad looking to start a retirement fund/account, read stuff online, but still lost/confused. Help?
Can anyone recommend a bank with decent savings options according to the info I'm providing in my text?
Credit bureau caught its own mistake?
[Credit] How to tell if something is reported to the credit bureau?
What steps should I take to protect myself financially if I lost my SS card, birth certificate, and medical records in the same folder?
I have a bunch of cash and I think I have all my financial bases covered.. what should I spent my extra money on?
Paychecks moving to 15th and 30th... this is going to suck isn't it?
Why did my student loan interest paid not benefit me taxwise?
Should a Tax refund be used toward credit card debt or go straight to savings and pay off small amounts at a time?
Thinking about opening a Roth IRA. Is it a good move or should I be patient and hold off?
Seriously considering a starter home with my wife. Could someone help guide me in the direction of post on arriving at a dollar figure for how much we would be able to afford?
Paying taxes in advance - is it worth it?
I rolled over a regular 401k to a Roth IRA last year. Where do I get the tax forms?
Should I cash out my 401k to pay off my car loan?
Considering a starter home with my wife. Could someone point me in the right direction?
How does city calculates my house value? What "variables" will increase my taxes? (CT, US)
How do I transfer my Keep The Change savings into my checking account so that I can cash it? I have $115 saved over the past year with Bank Of America
Husband laid off...what am I not thinking about?
How many ways can a broker dealer screw you? Let us add the ways, as LPL Financial, the Enron of the retail investment world adds a DC lobby instead of cleaning up its operations.
How do i get cash liquidity?
(UK) 22m Graduate. Just got out of debt, should I hold onto 2nd job?
Starting medicine in Jan 2016 - best use of 1 year salary?
Your 62. You have $1,000,000 no other assets. What's your retirement like?
Can I claim my grandma as dependent?
Starting grad school. Have some money in 403(b) from working (vested). What should I do?
Thoughtlessly applied for a store credit card - should I follow through?
Can I claim property taxes of an out of state 2nd/recreational property on my federal return?
Strange things happening lately, afraid it might be identity theft. Any advice?
Buy or rent? 8 years to retirement.
Buying a house for rental income...advice?
Who gets the house?
Tips for getting a credit card?
(CAN) My loan comes out on the 2nd, my money is in the wrong account. What can I do or what is my best option?
What's the best way to invest $100k?
How do I get removed as an Authorized User?
What does it mean to be dependent for taxes in the United States?
How do I pay my taxes on Forgiven Student Loans?
I like to file multiple tax returns for my family and friends in 2014, which tax software would you recommend? (Turbo Tax, HR Block, TaxAct, etc.)
File tax alone, or with dad?
Got married in October but now I have to pay back my ACA credit for the whole year from my taxes?
Advice for independent college student that might need to apply for student loans?
How do I make sure I don't pay any interest on my credit card?
How do you report uncollected money on an income statement? Or is that just left for the 'accounts receivable' for the balance sheet?
Taxes on Student Loan Disbursement?
My bonus was listed as a commission on my pay stub. What, if any, tax implications are there?
Moved from Indiana to Washington, should my income after moving out of state affect my refund?
Pay more on student loans or pay more on condo?
How should i pay for a new car?
Saving for a house, best place to invest it till next year?
After receiving W-2 form, notice that no taxes were withheld. How screwed am I?
If I have a catastrophic health problem, and I have 5 years worth of emergency savings to meet the max deductible, would that include base insurance price?
[San Jose, California, United States of America] If I have $2227 taxable educational scholarships, then do I make enough money to be forced to pay tax? This is my only source of money for 2014.
How do I do taxes for my income?
25 year old - Vanguard Total Stock Market Index or 2050 Target Date?
Can I afford an apartment while getting paid approximately $1300 a month? (NJ)
Update: Apartment Hunt Issues Due to Credit?
How quickly does credit score recover?
Do I have to file taxes?
Entrepreneurial pursuits as a college student?
What to do with at least $100 a week?
Non-citizen leaving US in 1-5 years - should I have IRA/401k?
Will someone please explain to me what is going on in this math problem?
Can anyone help with me out with mileage deduction for an independent contractor job?
In what scenario is it a good idea to waive preemptive right to my shares?
Sell or keep my condo?
How do I report my taxes when I made all of my 2014 income from online websites?
Student loans - pay them off immediately or not? And other questions related to repayment.
Deployed for half of year and wife is military as well, filing taxes and my taxes dropped way low for return. Am I doing this right?
Property split 3-ways, one party wants out. What's the best /fairest way to split profits?
Im very interested in investing in stocks but am not quite sure on how to begin. Any advice on where to start?
To what extent should pay day loans be regulated (or banned outright)?
I am working in the UK for two years, and plan to return to Canada. Is there any way for me to take advantage of the high value of the pound by transferring some of the money I make to my Canadian account? Thanks!
I am working in the UK for two years, then will be returning to Canada where I plan to buy a house/live my life. Is there a way to send my pounds back to Canada and take advantage of the all time high exchange rate?
Employer reimbursement help or hurt on taxes?
Roth IRA Contribution dates: 2014 and 2015?
$3k Tax Refund - Apply to CC Debt or Student Loan Debt?
This is the first year I didn't get a federal tax refund. Did I file correctly?
Best online savings account: Ally or Barclays?
Plan On Making 2014 IRA Contributions. Does This Affect How I File?
One of my best friends was offered the chance to buy the Deli he manages and I want to be a partner - Can we even get approved?
ELI5 question: Why does my bank want to loan me HELOC money at 2.49% while it charges me 3.875% on my 30 yr mortgage?
Is it better to build more savings in the emergency fund, or pay off student loans?
Does anyone buffer for half a month rather than a full month?
To improve my credit score should I pay off existing car loan or trade it in and use the money as a down payment towards a new car?
Is it better to pay off a primary residence first or a rental property (US)?
What are some good ideas to supplement my income beyond my 9-5?
Why contribute to a traditional 401k you ask? My personal example.
Does Bank of America offer any good investment options? Do I have to find a new bank or credit union perhaps?
Can i still receive my tax refund if the government has been withholding it due to school loans?
Selling stock in non-retirement account, does principal count as income?
Historical growth simulator?
People with spouses/SOs that came from different backgrounds on the "Spend/Thrift" scale, how did it work out?
In 2014, I only worked 4 months out of the year, should I file my taxes?
Is taking out an unnecessary car loan worth it to build credit in an area with expensive housing?
I need to get a car. How should I go about it?
Fixed Income options for a Roth IRA?
Can I afford to move out with $40K in debt?
Repair car, buy new, or buy used?
How to avoid audits?
(NOR) Our landlords just made a (perfectly legal) dick move on us. How should we respond?
What to do with a Roth IRA after I go over MAGI limits?
Is there a way to know the line of credit before applying for a credit card?
How to save for future kids' education?
Help. Mutual funds or stocks?
Lower interest Credit Card or Personal Loan (again)?
[Auto] Looking to buy my first car. How should I go about this?
I am 20 years old, debt-free and don't know what I should be doing with my money, any advice on how to set myself up for success?
What do I do if I am an independent contractor but also received a W-2 for a regular job I had for part of the year?
Need to consult with financial professional to draft plan to pay down my debt. What job title am I looking for?
I9 Went Missing, should I be worried?
Is there any possible [and legal] way for me to borrow $50k and pay it back after 1 year?
Vanguard College Fund using Target Retirement Fund?!
Can I send money from my credit card via PayPal to someone?
Coming back to the US after 8 years abroad, will past due bills be written off by now?
My income is too low to owe significant taxes. Should my full retirement contribution go to a Roth?
I have something in collections, how do I pay it?
Just started Traditional IRA this month but now want to convert to a Roth IRA. How much tax do I owe?
Parents just passed away, about to receive ~$50k in life insurance. What to do?
Should I max out my 401k contributions?
What is the term for when your country does your taxes for you?
My 401k is limited. What are some other options for retirement savings?
Family is refusing to pay for college expenses, but I need money to continue my education. How can I get the loans that I need?
W2 for money that I never received? Looking for advice. (USA)
School or job?
Am I being stupid with my apartment hunting?
I will be attending a top law school starting in the fall of this year. What can I do during school to put myself in the best position to service my 150k-200k student loans?
Roth IRA: Reinvest dividends? Or money market account?
Any tips or advice for someone who's taking out/renegotiating their first rental lease?
Car was just repossessed, credit's in the crapper, and I have no savings to my name. I need a car. What are my options?
I'm 22, what are some ways I can begin to invest?
What's a better option? Investment-wise
Want to buy a house but have no money saved what do I do or need to look for?
I'm trying to open a bank account for my nonprofit traveling theater project. What do I need to know?
How much should I use on rent MAX?
Order to Apply for Cards?
(GER) Dental bill incoming, how should I pay for this?
How did my employer/IRS calculate my withholdings, and why isn't it just the same as my tax burden?
Probably an obvious retirement account question. How much across all retirement accounts can you save?
Mortgage Insurance Premium not showing up on 1098 but I did pay it. Am I allowed to claim it as a deduction?
TurboTax free edition with hsa?
Is there ever a situation where paying off credit card debt with a retirement fund is a good idea?
Is 100k enough for an actively managed account that takes 1.5% of assets annually?
To file online or through H&amp;R Block?
Recommendations on how to setup residency when doing a split-household move? (taxes)
Is 100k enough for an actively managed account that takes 1.5% of assets annually?
Which year does this tuition reimbursement fall into?
What's Vanguard Prime Money Market Fund for?
What do you guys do with your pay stubs?
Should I Refinance my Mortgage?
Reduce Emergency Fund to Reduce Student Loan Debt?
Tax Question: Should I file an Amended Tax Return?
Payroll mistake - Small part of tax withholding paid to wrong state, what now?
Am I being taken advantage of by my brother?
If you had 500US$, what would you invest it in ?
I'm a pizza driver on the weekends. What can I deduct?
Grandparents are looking to invest an extra $60k with the goal of netting slightly better returns. What would you recommend?
NYC Cost of Living Question - 60% of my after-tax income is taken up by mortgage, insurance and day care for two kids. Is this normal?
When is an actively managed investment account worth it?
Rejected (I think) for Chase Freedom card. What now?
Does credit score in the past affect me, or just my current credit?
Is there ever an instance where it makes sense to pay off low interest loans?
Mistake on my W2?
Does anyone know of a good credit card I can get with no credit in order to start building credit?
Uncle, single with no kids, named me beneficiary for his death benefits. Do I automatically inherit his debt?
Large Credit Drop in the last month, is this normal?
Am I going to help or hurt my credit with this strategy? Are there better ways?
What tax program should I use?
Which bank should I open a checking account with?
Auto-pay mistake adversely affected my credit score, what now?
Need help figuring out what kind of credit card to get?
Should I move my savings out of big banks?
My employer severely screwed me on taxes, what can I do?
Financially, what are you most curious about?
Buy a $1M+ house in SF Bay Area or just rent forever?
Looking to invest some money and I have no idea what I'm doing. What's my best route?
My boss has given me permission to set up a 401k plan for our company's employees. What to do next?
I didn't get my paycheck, now what?
State taxes weren't being taken out of paycheck for 2014, what do I do?
Is it worth your time financially?
Does debt really affect your sex life? Do men feel differently about debt and their sex life that women?
Help! College is demanding my estranged father's information for FAFSA. Options?
Homeowners insurance escrow payment went up by 45%, what gives?
Thoughts on 'refinancing' LC loan with 18 mo 0% CC offer?
My girlfriend total my car a few months ago. Its time to get a new one because I have to commute to college. Do I buy used, new, or from a private party?
I am looking to open a savings account but I do not know what bank to open the account with. Any recommendations?
Stock option sales included on W2? Taxes
Am I supposed to get a W2 from a seasonal job?
What can I afford to rent? (NJ)
Could I rent a car this way?
Personal Property -- I paid late last year so I couldn't claim the deduction (MO)?
Can someone explain to me what happened when I withdrew from all my classes?
Difference between IRA and 401 K?
Switching phone carriers to save money in the long term--worth it?
Where can I get a personal loan?
Are there books that really spoke to you as a highschooler to get your finances in order?
How could the income mobility in the 60's and 70's be higher than now, yet poverty was also much higher?
Anyone notice their utilities go up in the winter despite not using more?
Did I screw this up? HSA and FSA question
Tax preparers of PF, what are things people don't realize they can deduct?
Newley married, no kids and renting. Should we file jointly?
American Express Optima Card?
Where to save for a larger down payment when trying to move?
(US) Any advice about how I can deal with my student loan debt before I leave for boot camp in May?
Can I use credit card statements as proof instead of receipts for tax deductions?
Am I making enough to get a place of my own?/I need a game plan.
I am saving for a down payment for a house, but why wait and pay rent and just not buy it and pay PMI?
Hey guys, what is a reasonable interest rate to look for with regards to student loan consolidation?
Where to put my money?
Complex tax situation, should we hire a CPA/EA?
Should I open a roth IRA?
My Equifax credit report says I have credit card debt, but I've never had a credit card before. What gives?
Best avenue for a beginner wanting to learn about the stock market?
Would it make sense for me to open a Roth IRA?
What is the best way to show paying for a bill which my partner pays their half into my account in finance software?
Insurance Advice??
I have been siding and roofing for a couple of months and my boss skipped town without paying me, advice on my next steps?
Why do I owe so much in taxes?
Cash flow school while paying off debt?
21 years old 100% vtsmx roth ira. Is this a bad idea?
Video Game Industry Tax Deductions?
Fund selection in a 401k? No Vanguards funds :(
Using TurboTax (the super simple free version). If I don't upgrade to TurboTax PLUS which offers "Unlimited access to Completed Returns", will I still be able to view/save my return once i'm done?
My dad's house is in my name. Now he wants to cash-out refi. Good idea / bad idea?
Did I Support Myself in 2014? (Student)
Where do you put your savings?
Should I pass up free money for buying a house?
Suggestions on where to find (or how to do) 401(k) Contribution calculations to hit the IRS max?
What tax forms do I need if I sold my ESPP stocks immediately this year?
Is my financial counselor not doing enough for me?
My girlfriend made less than 2500 dollars last year selling crafts/used clothes, how does she file?
1099 includes flight/hotel costs when my trip to a conference was paid for - Is this really income?
IRS question. Married: file jointly or separate?
[Stocks or Portfolio] Military, moving regularly and changing residency with each move - which 529 plan is right for my son?
Why can't I get a credit card?
Health insurance premiums under $150?
Should I pay off credit card with savings then rebuild my savings?
Splitting airbnb payout with roommate without getting double taxed?
My fiance is about to come into about 30k via settlement, how can we make this last?
Should I save or cash in gold and silver bullion?
I have a new job that pay's more. What do I do now?
How does the IRS know if you were covered by healthcare this year?
Freshman in college, what do I need to do to be financially prepared to move to the UK after I graduate?
How much will I "feel" a $10,000 salary bump?
Should I increase CC limit, add another CC or lower utilization?
Oh no! An unexpected tax form came in and I already filed! Should I familiarize myself with a prison jumpsuit now or....?
How can the IRS know if you had health coverage last year?
Don't really see the differences in these bond funds?
Most advice I see here is based on the assumption of a regular paycheck, but how about freelancers and people who live on a project-to-project basis? How do I organize my financial life without a steady income?
Recently married, should my wife and I file jointly or separately?
What service should I use to get started in the stock market?
Well, for the first time, I owe more taxes. Help reduce for next year?
Collection agency declared my validation letter "frivolous or irrelevant." What now?
Help me! ELI5 an IRA, what I have to do, how much I have to deposit to lower the taxes I owe?
Someone please tell me the over all pros and cons to hiring a Financial Advisor? (more details inside)
How is my financial situation?
Do I need a minimum investment to open a Vanguard Roth IRA?
I have no idea which funds to use in my 401k. Any help?
Have to pay for college after I got kicked out, what is the first step I should take?
What's your goto book referral when recommending financial advise to someone new?
[Taxes] 60% Disabled Vet (MA). Is there anything else I should be doing?
Very large student debt and about to get my first pay cheque. What is something I can start now that will help me down the line?
Federal tax refund offset wrongfully, what can I do?
Previous company stock awarded to me in 2009, vested in 2012, now has more than doubled. Sell it?
When I can't write off mortgage interest anymore (amount is too low), should I start paying the house off more aggressively?
Got my first job (high school junior) any financial tips for a high schooler?
Retirement Investments have reported losses every report for over a year, and there is a net loss over that time period. Should I change my investment strategy?
what can I do about this terrible loan?
Looking at putting some money into a High Yield CD ladder. Would my money be better 'spent' on some other investment?
What to focus on? Eliminating debt or saving?
Getting an avg. rate of return of 7.7% in my Vanguard IRA. What should it be?
PF Apps that don't need bank feeds?
Would using Uber and renting in times of need be cheaper than buying a car for $25-30k?
Will my credit card company(Chase) get suspicious if I file a second dispute within a couple of months?
Should I keep my investments in mutual funds under multiple companies, or move my investments to one company?
What's the best way to manage money for a single, no-debt person?
Experience with switching from Turbo Tax to something else (HR Block)?
1099-B/DIV Minimums?
How do I return extra federal loan?
What is a good laptop insurance company?
How to fix a credit card that is has been falsely closed?
My parent's credit is showing up on my credit score...do I do anything?
(AUS) Question about superannuation?
Wife got first ticket ever yesterday. It was for speeding 67 in a 55. What is the best way to go about handling this?
"US internet users are still concerned about data privacy" What do you think?
Question: How best to keep track of whether bill payments by check have cleared?
Rejected for a "pre-approved" card. Can you help me understand my credit score?
Best free financial planning service?
How do you calculate net worth? Is what I am doing correct?
How liquid are Vanguard (or other) investment accounts?
Rolling former employer's 401k to IRA/Roth IRA? What are my options?
Are paypal "gifts" withheld for 21 days for new accounts?
Going on 30yo, 529 benefits to vanish: What to do with the account?
Should I get myself removed as an authorized user from my father's card?
Tax implications of being over charged on property taxes in 2014, refunded in 2015?
Received a form for Local Earned Income Tax Return? Never heard of that before.
I started working as an independent contractor last year, and after several months (still 2014) the company hired me as an employee. I've received a W-2 from them but not a 1099. Should I ask them for it or keep waiting? Is it essential that I receive one? Will they be penalized for sending it late?
Claiming medical expenses on taxes? Does that include co-pays?
What to do with 401k funds when switching jobs?
At 51 I have $260,000 in cash in Scottrade. How to best plan for my retirement?
Potentially entering graduate school this summer, should I make Roth or pretax 401k contributions until then?
Is there an insurance for car rentals that cover liability and collision?
Doing exchanges in 401k.. is there a fee that I don't see?
I think my friend was scammed out of money by a travel agency, please advise?
"Public Record" on credit report, but I have never even been to court. WTF?
[NC, USA] If you resign from a position, is the company you resign from required to pay out the PTO that you've accrued?
If an orthopedic surgeon has the average salary of around $400K, what sort of expenses come out of that number?
What should I do with my tax return?
Can I have equal opportunities if I never sign up for a credit card? Is there any other way to build credit?
21, high salary &amp; expenses, very little debts at all. How to better budget??
Which should be my priority upon graduation: student loans, or retirement saving?
Husband and I Bought First Home in September. Should We Have Our Taxes Filed by a Professional?
What is something similar to YNAB that is free?
I am a Mortgage Banker who has been in the business 18+ years. Is there anything you are curious about in regards to the whole home loan process? AMA
With a 516 credit score and an effort to get my life together should I get a credit card?
What is the best way to transfer a large amount of money to someone?
Would credit card fraud protection cover a reservation for a new product that doesn't come to market?
We're working on our debt and read Dave Ramsey's 'Total Money Makeover'. Is his advice sound?
I am a Mint user. Who prefers YNAB and why?
Bi-weekly Mortgage payments?
Where is the best place to buy personal checks in person?
Is it worth leaving a job with benefits for a contract with limited benefits for more money?
How do I get my life started? I'm 18 years old.
Am I making enough to get a place of my own?/I need a game plan. (UPDATE)
is it worth it to rent or stay at your parents to save for a down payment?
What does PF think about allowances?
My credit is horrible. His is sparkling. We're not married. What's the result?
How do I file taxes in Florida? In 2013 I was a MA resident, this year I'm FL.
Roth vs traditional accounts?
Best option to set up a will?
I want to get my own place. Can I afford it?
Finally paid off debts, and have a partially funded emergency fund. Where to go from here?
soon to be college graduate!! Where do I start??
Does anyone have stats on how much of college spending each year is subsidized by government sources?
File taxes on under $1.5k stocks?
Is it normal for a baby to get billed for birth?
Does anyone have stats on how much of college spending each year is subsidized by government sources?
Earned Income Tax Credit. I barely missed it this year. Is there anything I should do different?
Better to save up and pay off house in a single payment, or pay it down incrementally?
Im 20, and have €11,000 saved up from work. Now what?
My former employer won't give me my W2. What to do?
How can I (eventually) ditch my well-paying job for something that pays less but that I actually enjoy, without becoming homeless in the process?
To keep my car or buy a reliable used car?
Simplest way to explain compound interest?
Any places to file 2013 taxes for free?
Barely missed the deferred interest promo deadline on your credit card? Perhaps this will help.
Where to report 1042-S income and federal tax withheld on form 1040?
Budgeting for Saving and Pre-YNAB debt??
Need guidance with taxes, filing taxes on my own for the first time this year. Can PF help?
Do you gain interest on money invested in a Cash ISA in previous financial years? (UK)
Financial Advisory for my father is recommending an increase from $300 to $1,200 /month to supplement Variable Universal Life Insurance account - what am I not getting?
Welp, I did it. Joined a MLM company. Any tips?
Where is the best place to save/invest for possible future needs of parents?
I have 2 credit cards with balances $5000 and $2000. Am I better off paying the $2000 then the $5000 or working on both?
Which mutual fund should I invest in?
How will having no loans (anymore) hurt my credit?
Deducting rental expenses as homeowner?
Need advice for turning in first time lease...options?
What are my options for paying off my last debt of $3,600 (must be in full) as I'll need a loan/?, which I can pay off slowly at my current $14/h job
How do I make a budget if I work for tips?
[Housing]Not sure what I can/can't afford. HELP!?
Should I be worried about this credit card charge?
HELP! Where do I even start?
Trading in debt for debt?
Stopping my 529 contributions. How best to replicate with Vanguard?
How will keeping an unused open credit card affect my credit score in the long run?
Books on personal finance?
Being put forward as a candidate for a job transfer from US to Berlin, Germany. What all should I consider financially?
This years filings or next years?
I have one collection on my credit. How do I go about paying it?
Should I buy my flight to USA-&gt;Europe in US$ or € ?
Wife and I are moving to Austin from overseas. We have $130-150k. Rental Property? IRA? What do?
18 years old. Had a car repossessed, have $0 to my name, owe someone who kindly helped me out $1600. What do I do next?
(UK) £3K to save over 3 years; what are the options?
YNAB alternative?
How to register a sole-proprietorship and also deduction questions?
Fund 529 Plan and Use Money in the Same Year?
My wife &amp; I got married in late Sept, how hard/easy is it to file your taxes the first year you're married?
Am I eligible for mortgage?
How do I sell a Business? How do I value it?
Has anyone heard of Rise?
Changing student loan payment plan before applying for a mortgage?
Why do people think Mint is bad for budgeting?
Would have owed ~$2,500 if I didn't have a mortgage, what's wrong with my withholdings? Tax Questions
How can I afford college with ~$16,000 in debt?
Moving from a 4 bedroom home in FL to a 3 bedroom condo in NewPort Beach, CA. What's the most economical way to move?
Divorce: Rollover 401k into IRA?
Does anybody have experience working for Country Financial?
Buying my first car at age 20. Bit of advice?
Should I alter my investment strategy?
Looking for a second credit card, what's the best?
Does it have any affect when I pay more than my balance on my credit card?
I'm about to be offered a job. Is it a scam?
How much debt is too much?
Savings target acquired - already own stocks, what about bonds?
Acceptance deadline for job offer tomorrow - too late to negotiate?
Place I work at hasn't been declaring my tips, only my $2.13 an hour has been taxed, was told not to declare my tips and consider it "free money" by "CFO." What do I do?
I have a Credit Score of 607. I make $120k. What can I do to raise my score rapidly?
Wife's W-4 is MARRIED, mine is SINGLE - is this a problem?
Is it inherently bad to rent vs. own?
I want to learn to do my own taxes, what should I know as someone who has never filed without using a tax filing service?
Am I doing it right?
Am I making a mistake by claiming 0 on my tax exemptions?
About to start a new job, how should I fill out tax paperwork?
Accidentally transferred too much money when paying off credit card - what happens afterwards?
new job, were do i put my money?
As someone who is about to graduate high school, what are things I should avoid to save myself financially ?
I Was Just accepted to the best art conceptual art school in America and I can't pay for it. What are my options?
Am I legally obligated to pay a bill over a service I don't think I was truly given?
I'm 19 year old college freshman and have $500 to spare, what is the best way to help it grow?
How can I stop paying for my ex-girlfriend's gym membership?
Family selling a house. What's the best way to disperse funds to avoid paying taxes or other fees?
How to deal with collections agency?
Considering buying a car… Is it possible?
Getting out of debt, any suggestions?
I live in San Diego and am about to buy my first car. I have about a $10,000 budget. What should i get?
Buy A Condo for 3-5 Years, or Rent Until Buying House?
How to deal with collections on unauthorized charge?
I'm a primary on several of my mother's loans. How to untangle?
Motif Investing Customer Service Alive?
Can I roll my ex-employer's 401k into a Roth IRA tax free?
21 and $80,000 in student loans. What do I do?
What is the best resource to optimize my financial profile?
company dumping pension. 401K or Roth ?
I own a home - and began renting out one of the rooms this year. What do I have to claim in my Federal return, and how much of that will be subject to extra tax that I have to pay to the gov't?
What is the typical way that a large company would transfer a large payment to a website owner in exchange for a year of adspace?
Settling debt? X-post from financial independence.
American Opportunity Tax Credit question?
Didn't roll over my 401k when I left my job last year, how do I do this now?
Small loan for Grad School?
File my taxes at 18?
Questions regarding my student loans/paying them off??? Help!!
Please tell me some of your investing blunders?
What financial app do you use?
W-2 Box 13 Retirement checked, but I don't have a retirement plan? Is this an error?
Buy a property to rent in small town or put down payment for mortgage to live in?
Will the IRS accept my return with 1099-misc income on it if they have not rcvd the 1099 from my employer yet?
How do I deduct work expenditures?
How to budget on intermittent pay? YNAB?
What's REALLY the best way to view my credit report?
Paying off a bunch of cards... Now what?
Tax software or CPA for semi-simple Personal Taxes?
How do I know how much car I can afford?
Contributions to Roth IRA once you exceed income limit? (Not backdoor)
Is it worth it to pay off old Comcast bills?
Filing as Married with 0 exemptions VS. "Married withholding as single" with 2 exemptions?
I could not be more clueless about my finances. Especially loans, and taxes. Help?
Big unexpected tax bill right before home purchase -- options?
Pay off cell phones or pay down credit cards?
About to start a consulting gig making big money and it's 1099. Best way to handle tax obligations?
How much of my monthly income should my mortgage be?? (UK)
Getting a mortgage we can afford on just my husband's income? (Thinking about switching careers - is it stupid to buy a house now?)
403b wants ME to do what?
I have had some cash sitting around that I never deposited. If I do so now, does it get reported as income?
21 Years Old, Great Job, Can I afford this Corvette?
My mother is involved in some money issues with questionable legality. How can I convince her to stop?
I contribute pre-tax $ to TSP, can I still reap tax benefit from contributing to an IRA?
$20k in my 401k at age 25, am I doing well?
What to do to maximize income over the next few years? (UK)
(UK) 16 year old here. Is there anything I can do now that can help me with my finances in the future?
Should I invest in the same funds my wife does?
Repay debt or start my emergency fund?
1099 Went Missing, Should I be worried?
Married with 0 exemptions or Single with 2 exemptions?
I financed a used car. So how bad is it?
Has anyone scaled back work hours/spending and been happier?
Comcast credit pulls?
50% down 50% Finance on Car?
Paid online surveys, good idea or not?
Question: I freelanced for a bit this year while having a fulltime job, do I need to file a 1099?
Recruited for lateral promotion. How can I make this an advantage?
How Long Do Credit Bureaus Have to Respond?
Where should I put my emergency fund?
When is someone fully vested in their 401k?
"Secret" Peer-To-Peer service that allows you to digitally convert your cash to foreign currency and invest in foreign startups/loans without having to be an "accredited investor"because it is not based in the US, and therefore not subject to ludicrous regulation?
Do I need a CFP (Certified Financial Planner)?
Earned a raise. Am now paying $142 more in taxes per pay period while only bringing home $105 more per pay period. Where did my raise go?
I got a 1099-misc with $2700 income in Line 3. This was payment for damages - should it be counted as income?
Should I seek professional tax help?
If I've paid off a credit card and no longer plan to use it, is it better to close the account or leave it open and not touch it?
If I've paid off a credit card and no longer plan to use it, is it better to close the account or leave it open and not touch it?
What's the biggest monetary loss you've ever suffered?
Money in a foreign country?
Where can I find information about my building societies standard variable rate history?
I regret the new car I bought, what can I do?
What are some of the habits that help you save and accumulate money ? Ex (Credit Card Rewards/Churning)
Advice needed. Man who will be divorced soon, when should I file my taxes?
Help! I received a $5,000 refund after being overcharged by my University. What should I do with it? Am I obligated to use it towards student loans?
Some advice whether I should switch jobs?
I'm trying to cut costs everywhere and have heard about YNAB. Having a hard time justifying the expenditure, is YNAB worth buying while making spending cuts?
Are student loans worth it to change careers? [US]
How (un)reasonable is using a 401k loan for a down payment?
How (un)reasonable is using a 401k loan for a down payment?
Work Bonus Advice?
I just finished Rich Dad, Poor Dad. What should I read next?
I received no 1099 from an overseas company. How do I file this income electronically?
Has anyone used Freetax to efile their 1040s?
Own a house. Thinking of moving and renting it out. Good idea? Bad idea?
Weird tax situation, work deduction?
4th credit card too many?
My mother is almost 60 and has no SSN credits. Is it worth trying to earn SSN benefits now?
So I'm considering buying a rental property, but I'm concerned about taking on too much debt. Can you help me sort through the numbers to see if it makes sense?
Need some advice, my employer mistakenly placed me in exempt status and I made around $7,000 this year. How could I pay back the taxes I owe?
Good way to start a retirement account when your company does not have offer a 401?
I have one medical debt, reported as 5 derogatory marks from the same CA. Can these be consolidated into one mark?
I messed up my federal withholding this year and owe ~$3000 in taxes. If I start an IRA and deposit $6000, is that money deductible?
Going back to college - Ineligible for Federal Loans?
Should I take money out of my ROTH IRA to pay off my student loans? (27 years old)
Best way to invest 10k? Mutual funds? ETF?
Went to an outpatient center for "$75" GI test and it ended up being that + $780. Help?
What would you do in this situation, sell or pay off loan?
Need some advice, my employer mistakenly placed me in exempt status and I made around $7,000 this year. How could I pay back the taxes I owe?
(UK) How would you invest £400 monthly?
Roll over 401k to new company's or IRA?
Need some advice, my employer mistakenly placed me in exempt status and I made around $7,000 this year. How could I pay back the taxes I owe?
1.8k refund, treat myself to a vacation, pay student loans, or deposit to my emergency fund?
Fumbled tuition bill and student loan left me with extra $5,000 cash and extra $5,000 of debt. Must I apply the cash to the original loan?
My employer deducts uniform charges from my pay. Would I be able to claim the money back on my taxes?
$100K loan was just repaid to me. Tax advice?
Taxes for an unemployed full time student 101?
I want to learn to do my own taxes, what should I know as someone who has never filed without using a tax filing service?
Invest in Vangaurd's VTSMX as a general account or an IRA?
Credit Card Sent to Collections?
What's the best way to refinance a car?
Stuck in a lease but I want to buy a new vehicle. Any options?
How much do I really need in an HSA?
How do I know if I should refinance?
[Advice] Left a job 6 months ago. Roll 401k over?
27-My first "real job" WTF do I do?
Advice on how to invest in a retirement plan when employer doesnt offer one?
Debt "withdrawn" by original creditor. How to proceed?
Help using Mint app?
Will I get a 1095-A form?
(UK)I don't have to pay off my over draft for 2.5 years, your opinion on starting a minor savings account?
Run a successful sole-prop business. MASSIVE losses in January. Options to offset last year's gains?
How much college debt is considered "a lot"?
How to refinance a car loan?
Can someone explain this terms in creating a trust to me please?
[American Express Prepaid Reward card]: Is there a way to cash out the fund?
What is considered to be a good bankruptcy score? What is the range of potential scores?
Getting the same tax refund amount as I did last year ($1200) even though I got a raise and had nearly 300+ hours of overtime? Doesn't seem right.
first car loan, good idea?
Pay off student loans or put money in 401k?
Good books on finances and possibly investing?
30/30/30 budget ratio. Am I doing alright?
Paying off student loans or using graduate school loan deferment?
How much rent can I afford? I need advice!
(US) Freelance Videographer, received 1099-MISC for ~$2,000. Do I file? If so, as dependent or single?
Can someone point me in the direction to help me start investing in a low cost index fund?
Easy money to get on paypal?
Looking to exchange my VGSTX holding and put to more use, what can I do to minimize tax losses?
Can someone point me in the direction to help me start investing in a low cost index fund?
Easy paypal money?
I'm 22 y/o. I just started my first salary career after graduating college. What are some investing tips?
As a college student, what should I learn/prepare over the next few months before entering the work force?
What should I do to plan for my future, any advice?
Does P/E ratio matter when selecting a fund?
Can I lump sum fund a deferred annuity (traditional IRA) WHILE funding a Roth IRA?
(CAN) Going to school in the fall, best way to manage my money and prevent high debts?
In net assets, should I consider remaining mortgage as liability?
Should I buy the car I am currently leasing?
Any point in traditional IRA (instead of Roth)?
Is moving to a different city and/or state a good investment for a single male who lives in an area with a poor economy?
How much should I expect to pay for a fee based financial advisor?
HELP please reddit. My mother is married to a fucking loser and thanks to him, her entire bank account was just garnished by the IRS. What can she do?
Paypal student account?
How am I doing?
[US] How can people my age (20) find jobs that pay 25-30K a year fresh out of high school when my first job only paid 18-19K a year?
Buy diamond with a loan or not?
Is there a way to report an employer to the IRS anonymously for classifying me as a 1099 employee?
[US] How can people my age (20) find jobs that pay 25-30K a year fresh out of high school when my first job only paid 18-19K a year?
(windfall) expecting a large sum of money right before leaving work for school, how best to handle this?
Tax return as a subcontractor?
Help! What does my family need to do to solve this???
I am a traveling pet sitter, and am clueless when it comes to taxes/write offs - any advice, please?
TD Bank is giving out a Fitbit for opening an account. Could this backfire?
Obviously the wrong sub but any advice on job hunting or subs/blogs to direct me to?
what to do about an old closed collection account?
Can I contribute $18k to my 401(k)/Roth(k) and still put $5,500 in a Roth IRA for 2015?
Anyone have any experience with Midland National?
What to do with starter home?
Should I open another credit card account?
Why the hell is my per capita income over triple my state average, but I'm finding it hard to afford purchasing a very modest home??
Stagnant pension - what to do?
Being hired as a 1099, though everything smells like W-2...?
Which investment company is best for customer service and use of services?
Most efficient means of earning and saving as a student? Any other general finance advice would be sincerely appreciated, too.
Never really "borrowed" money with a credit card; want to use it for $1000 plane ticket. Help?
Why the hell is my per capita income over double my town average, but I'm finding it hard to afford purchasing a very modest home??
Where do you get high rates on savings?
Recharacterization of Roth IRA and the backdoor. What are tax implications?
I worked a partial year in 2014 and ended up getting a huge tax refund back due to estimated withholding. Should I contribute 5.5K to Roth IRA for 2014?
How financially viable is studying abroad in Europe?
Trying to identify ways to cut monthly expenses. Cell phone plan is now off contract. Options?
I'm renting out a condo in a university area to students. What are some good things I should add to the lease? My thought is a jerk clause, for one. If your neighbors keep complaining about you, I can evict you.
Sallie Mae Repayment Question?
Is there any good reason I should get a credit card?
Did i mess up? I used my Roth IRA to pay down student loans...
Thoughts on VASGX and VHDYX?
Credit card or Debit Card?
Where to get overpaid medicare and social security tax back?
Are volunteers who receive a stipend really considered "self-employed"? (Received at 1099-Misc)
My previous large corporation employer did not take out California State Income Tax, but did take Federal?
Financial Tips?
What should I do?
Is it worth it to buy land with the intention of building a house, but not building for a few years?
Protection from Anthem breach. Advice?
Does anyone have any investing advice for those of us living in NZ?
What is the best and easiest to use "core four" portfolio?
I am a high-schooler. I want to know the best way to start a solid finance profile. Doing so, it will allow me to take these skills throughout my entire life. Any ideas where to begin? (i.e. investing, banking, cash flow)
I am a high-schooler. I want to know the best way to start a solid finance profile. Doing so, it will allow me to take these skills throughout my entire life. Any ideas where to begin? (i.e. investing, banking, cash flow)
Does anyone have experience with Robinhood?
18, stable job, clean slate. Any advice before I dive into the real world and become fully independent?
How should I be investing with a $15k/yr salary?
My personal data may have been compromised in the massive Anthem health hack. What are some steps I should take immediately to protect myself?
Help! Is this a scam or legit?
[AUS]Should I purchase a Rental Investment property WITH my parents?
Need to act fast on what seems to be a really good opportunity. What do I do?
I am unemployed and using my post-9/11 GI Bill to pay rent while in school full-time. Do I need to report this Gi Bill money when I file my taxes this year?
how to use UGMA/UTMA account appropriately?
Should I invest in a post-tax 401K?
Are [NY] 529 plans shielded from bankruptcy or wage garnishments?
Can my workplace tax extra they aren't technically paying me?
Moving to America in a few weeks. What do I need to know about in terms of retirement plans, benefits and taxes?
$20k in savings, Is cash the best place to be keeping it? Is it enough to safely get myself in the shares market?
Best investment fund option?
What can I do as a high school student?
I am a 20 something years old guy in a third world country, currently at $20k salary, that wants to make the most of my luck. What do I invest in?
Advice needed: where to start ???
Starting salary how to ask for more?
Credit card advice?
Infographics of hierarchy of savings?
Hi /r/personalfinance, I'm an Anthem BCBS customer whose SSN has been exposed. What's the best way to handle this? Are credit monitoring services worth it? Thanks!
Divorce 10 months into 2014. What are my Tax Options?
Secured Card for over a year; 9 inquiries in two years; apply for CLI and deposit refund or wait?
Best websites for finding foreclosures?
I [17M] want to get my life started the right way, what steps can I take now that will help me in the future?
How to maximize income with early retirement?
I'm a member/owner of an LLC (Limited Liability Corporation) that operates as multiple DBA's. How does this effect my personal tax filings?
Recent grad with zero debt, zero money in bank, living with parents for now, but just got his first job offer paying $60k. How can I make the best of this, starting day 1?
My employers deducts money from my paycheck for uniforms. Can I claim it on my taxes?
[MISC ADVICE] So, I got an offer from previous employer to move to San Francisco, not sure what compensation to ask for?
What should I do with my old traditional 401k?
Question, I received a letter from a creditor for something I don't owe. What do I do?
Reimbursement for business expense on 1099? (US tax question)
Why does my school care if I default on my student loans?
How Best to Save for Student Loan "Tax Bomb"?
First land sale. I'm 22. What do I do?
Invest or pay off loans?
What is the best way to save for my wedding 20 months from today?
How to proceed, when your W2 is incorrect?
What's the best way to get a rent reduction?
Credit Report. Better to remove or pay off?
No Credit Score but rather long Credit History..&gt;What does this mean?
Turning 30 next month, starting to take finance seriously - am I on the right track?
What is currently the best budget tracking method to use on a pc/phone?
Teacher with a stay at home wife - What can I do?
Insurance Question - Can I use my HSA?
Can money buy happiness? [Infographic] (UK)
Defaulting or consolidating on credit card debt?
Could one of you awesome, money savvy humans check my math here?
Becoming a one car family. Advice?
40 Year old Couple, with 2 Kids 8 and 10. Do I start to set money aside for us or them?
Trying to figure out how much more I need to contribute to state income taxes with each paycheck. Is this math right?
Freedom Mortgage refinance offer. Seems too good to be true? What am I missing and should I do it?
IRA efficiency question. Is it worth transferring?
Is anyone dealing with Account Control Technology? I just found out my old student loan with Direct loans was transferred to them.
Moving in with GF. She owns her apartment. Is there any standard for splitting the mortgage payments?
[Currency Exchange] Limit for foreign exchange annually?
I am 20 years old, $70k in debt and make about $24,000 a year. What can I do?
401K-- very confused. Which fund to choose?
Advice for recent grad in debt? (CAN)
Considering becoming emotional stability before financial stability. Am I an idiot?
Tax Diversification: Max out 401K or Start Contributing to Roth?
$2000 to use, what would be best method in investing this amount of money?
Should i Put the money I plan to save in a savings account or buy gold and put in a safe ?
How to get a leg up on your personal finances?
Should I save money in my Roth IRAs?
5 years ago IFU by cashing a rollover check. What do I do now?
Should I refinance my auto loan, pay off some of the loan, or to leave it be?
wait 5 years to buy a house at 20% down and 15% and risk housing prices rising and rent rising, or buy house next year at 5% down and 30 years?
[30M] How to choose rental apt, side question: how to tell when you are being frugal vs stingy?
Best way to get a real estate license?
I am 22 years old, about to enroll into Law School, and I was wondering how I postpone my undergrad loans?
How much to invest in vanguard s&amp;p 500?
20 years old and looking to start investing for retirement, where do I start?
Is my debt too old to for collection?
Turbo Tax or CPA?
How being an apartment guarantor affect my credit and my ability to get a mortgage?
Lease terminated early - rent again or buy a home? Non-permanent location.
Northwestern Mutual Whole Life - in too deep? Help motivate me.
How will being an apartment guarantor affect my credit and my ability to get a mortgage?
Should I sell the stock my company is giving me?
Thoughts about moving my saving to a money market account?
At what point do you lay your cards out when buying a new car?
Can expect big income increase, what to do now though?
Quick Q - I should pay off my remaining student loans right now, right? Right?
Does it make sense to refinance my FedLoan with CUStudentLoans?
How are stock options taxed in the event of an acquisition of a private company?
Fast-Food restaurant caused an overdraft, and it was their fault. What can i do?
Student pulling in ~2500 a month, no debt, limited expenses. What should I be doing?
Have two 401(k)s to rollover and want to start a new Roth IRA; options?
Realistic financial goals based on this budget?
I have both a Capital One 360 checking account and a credit card. I can't pay my card bill with my checking?
Where should I put money I plan to save?
acorns.com Anyone used this service before if so is it wise to join?
Stay at home Dad, graduating in May 2015. What should I do after I graduate?
Graduate with a BS, or do a 5 year BS/MCS to add $5-10k to income?
23 yr old with student debt of 53k+ considering going back to school?
Splitting Finances with Girlfriend who originally moved in as my roommate?
Quick question - Generally what does it mean when you claim 2 on your W-4?
Fiancé and I found the perfect first place to rent. But I found out the property management company is super sketchy according to yelp and yahoo.... Is it worth it?
Bad financial choices most of my life. Credit is pretty, pretty, pretty bad...help?
How Come We Overpay On Taxes?
24 earning $45K a year and living at home. What can I do with my savings?
How often should I invest the money I transfer into index funds each paycheck?
Attempting to rent a house, what should I be looking for/be careful of?
Balance transfer is it worth it?
Can someone please solve this?
Best place to file income taxes online?
10 Million -- Do we need a Financial Adviser?
Anyone use tuistion.io?
[Question] Why do lenders put so much faith in FICO scores when it's so easy to "game the system" to increase your score?
Am I investing properly in my 401k?
Consisering advertising technology these days, several of my ads are identity theft ads and credit ads, could this mean something is up?
I feel like I screwed up by putting post-taxed money in a traditional IRA?
Considering a private ReFi of public student loan. What would I be losing by going private?
I'm 27yr and my parents, specifically my father, keeps purchasing investments in my name and profiting off them. How do I get him to stop without ruining his credit, business, life?
I am a full-time college student with no job. Should I file taxes?
Does anyone have any suggestions for someone who wants to test the stock market in the way of paper trading?
Sold a house, bought a house, what do I need for my taxes?
What does it mean to have an employer 'match' your 401k?
New to Reddit. Looking for advice on trading accounts for new investor. Scottrade? Schwab? Credit Union?
Filing taxes for the first time as married couple. File separately or jointly?
I work at College and need to fill out my W2 for financial aid stuff and I have no idea how, help?
Credit score vs. better credit card: what move should I make to maintain credit but maximize rewards?
I just inherited $50,000 from a deceased family member. How should I invest this money?
I submitted my taxes but forgot to add on the w-2 of my other job... is there anything i can do?
Just got a new job w/ benefits. From 20K to 41K. Married but living with parents. How can I make the best of it?
What qualities should I look for in a credit card that I want to keep for years to come?
25 y/o with some debt and good income, in the process of buying a house. What would you do?
Using a target date fund for my 401K. Should I diversify or use the same fund in my Roth?
The IRS placed a levy on the property I am currently renting, and now says that I should make all rental checks payable to the U.S. Department of Treasury. What's going on?
2 years out of university, I have a job that pays roughly 30k/year and I have zero debt. What is the best way to use my little income?
Car accident is now going to court, do I have to pay out of pocket now?
Best way to get a mortgage?
Bought house, should I claim 1 more allowance on my W4?
How does work travel play into state income tax?
18 years old. Freshman in college. What can I do to set myself up for future financial success?
Financial Dummy, are Mutual Funds the way to go?
Negotiating a job offer as a new grad, help?
I still don't understand capital gains, please help?
Getting taxed on Scholarship that pays next year's tuition?
Should I add money to my ROTH monthly? Or should I try to pick when the fund is at its lowest price and contribute a lump sum then?
Should I save in Roth IRA or 401k?
Recently took a new job - did I mess up?
Is college worth it? Do I really want to spend all of my savings on a college education?
Federal Savings Bond EE Series: Worth Keeping Until Maturity or Better Off in IRA?
[HELP] How do I ask for a Raise?
Getting out of debt Q, balance transfer cc?
I don't pay into social security. How should I be planning for my future/eventual retirement?
25yr old. Continue to grad school or enter the workforce?
Need help understanding a Schedule K-1 and capital loss carryover in final year of a trust?
If i make 4$ an hour + Tips, Should i be sharing my tips with my salaried manager?
£16k ($24k) in savings, 26 years old, in the UK, earn £30k ($46k) a year. What would you do?
20 years old, in university, saved ~£2000 (~$3000) from working holiday jobs, how can I use it effectively?
Discount broker or full service broker, which do you guys use?
Is there really a difference between tax programs?
Should I buy a house?
How much of a bonus for bringing in a client? (non-profit consulting)
What credit card do i pay down using my tac refund??
My lawsuit is finishing, expected to receive ~$300k, not much debt comparatively, but greedy family. What do I do?
how much do i get taxed when i transfer my funds in my TD ameritrade into my bank account?
Mortgage Loan From Parents? Good/Bad? (CA)
To Backdoor (Roth) or not?
Please help! College student with some medical bills I wasn't aware of on my credit report. Is there anyway to make these disappear by paying them? In FAQ I saw something called a 'pay for delete', what exactly is that?
Rent or sell home? Anyone have experience with rental management companies?
Any thing I should know or make sure to ask for when paying off my car loan?
I'm 27, I have a bachelors in accounting and I'm making 25k/year, what am I doing wrong?
What all forms do I need to gather for filing my taxes?
Do I need to continue to hire an accountant to file taxes?
How to fix inaccuracies on my credit report as an Authorized User?
Job Loss...Should I repay 401k Loan or take the tax hit?
27yo, No Debt, what to do with my Roth + Simple IRA?
Received money from tax return. To late to file another?
Potential job in UK... Taxes?
What should I be aware of when investing with Vanguard as a non US resident?
Not covered under parents Health Insurance anymore, in college, and no job. Should I enroll in Medicaid?
Is it better to build up savings or pay off debt?
Can the US adoption tax credit be claimed for agency fees if the adoption agency has not placed a child yet?
I have a far more complicated tax situation this year (first time home buyer / work from home). Should I stick with tax software or go to a CPA?
I'm 21, based in NYC, out of work from cancer. What to do?
Received inheritance within a trust, should I keep the trust or dissolve it?
my gf bought a house. if I move in with her and pay part of the mortgage, is she under any obligation to claim that as income?
Does a Spousal IRA Make Sense for Us?
Money Management Software?
What to invest in @ 18?
If I start a Roth IRA do I account for it in my 2014 taxes?
Just turned 24. What's a good FIRST credit card to look into? (US)
No emergency fund, what to do with 401k?
[Housing] Cost associated with moving cross-country?
Roth or IRA if I'm planning on leaving the country permanently but continuing to contribute to it?
Is it worth changing the allocation in my 403b if I will only work there 1-2 more years?
Have about $22,300 in credit card and student loan debt. Bank is giving me some options on personal loan options to pay it down. Thoughts?
Good funds for an extra $50k?
Looking at my credit report, my one credit cards is listen under "Derogatory Information." I've never missed a payment. Why is this here?
Bought a house last year. What do I need for filing taxes?
What exactly defines an credit account being "closed?"
Where to put money saved for college?
Is it ever a good idea to sacrifice standard of living via living in a low cost area to save money even though you have a high salary?
I'm going to an accountant for my taxes for the first time, since they're complex. What should I ask?
I need to do taxes in at least 5-10 states, maybe more. What is my cheapest option?
How to pay off student loan with 0% interest credit card?
Employer being audited for 1099 employees. Could I benefit?
How can a 21 year old start saving smartly?
Is my auto insurance company scamming me?
Buying a 2nd home, am I crazy for thinking about it or crazy for not doing it ?
Grandfather wants to support grandchildren's college with Traditional IRA. Best way to do this? (CA)
Tax liability for a fellowship grant?
Help! Stolen briefcase had tax documents (with SSN), a box of blank checks, an iPad with saved passwords, and other personal info. How do I protect myself?
where to put money first, paying off debt or build savings?
What happens to my 401k funds when I switch from Roth 401k contributions to standard?
Rebuilding (bad?) Credit
File Separate Or Joint Tax Returns?
Those who receive stock as part of your compensation, how do you manage it?
When does an HELOC make sense?
Can I file a nonresident tax return for free?
Couple in $300k+ student loan debt, advise?
What is the best way to build up your credit?
Where Do I Put the Extra?
why cant I spread my portfolio like Betterment, but do it myself?
Gaining An Income on My Equity Mutual Fund, Withdraw And Contribute To A TSFA? Bad or Good?
What is the best way to trade in my car for a cheaper model, given that my current one is far too nice for what I need it for?
Do non-residents have to pay taxes on income from real-estate investment?
Should I buy a house or wait? (thanks)
If I am renting out my upstairs to someone, is there anything extra I have to do on my taxes this year?
Here's where I am, what's my financial road to success?
Do IRA's do roughly the same regardless of country?
Have your student loans have been forgiven? I'd like to know how you handled the taxes afterward.
Where to save my money for a down payment for a home?
Have you ever had an idea for a business and then procrastinate eternally instead of actually building the business?
I have ~$53K in 401K + Life Insurance.... but $0 in savings.... how can I switch this around?
My friend had their computer stolen and their Social Security Number (SSN) was on there. What steps should they take?
When should I switch car insurance to liability?
Should I use an online Tax preparer this year? Details of my situation inside.
Am I saving enough? Should I choose a new savings account?
Better to invest in IRA, Home, or Stocks?
Going to college soon, and I have no idea how taxes or adult things of that sort work. Help?
Is it worth it to refinance?
[UK]Has anyone had a CCJ (Court County Judgement) held against them?
(UK) I'm going to get sacked, where do i start?!
what kind of accounting job do you call this?
Should I buy a new car? (UK)
How do you pay a Navient student loan individually from a computer?
Can I afford this home?
Should I become an S-corporation as a Real Estate Broker?
Woooooo! 28, broke, desperate, and living the dream! WWYD?
As an Escort, how do I file taxes?
How to effectively be self-sufficient?
What are you going to do with your tax refund?
Tax returns - gifts?
(AUS) Investment strategies like four fund portfolio, do they change for other countries?
What is the most high risk, high reward investment out there?
How does this credit card help me grow credit faster than others?
I don't want physical gifts ever again. How do I tell my family this so they take me seriously?
IRS come after you if you dont file 1099 for small amount?
If you were in my shoes, what would you do?
Am I ready to move out of my parents house?
Can I get Chase to credit a NSF fee?
Where do I invest leftover tax return?
Can I open a 529 for myself to set aside money for getting my Executive MBA in the next five years?
Large Bank Vs. FCU: Which do you prefer for a savings account?
19, working full-time. 5.5k in loans. Come look/help me with my game plan for paying it down?
Sell my financed car?
Is it better for us to married-file-separate?
A 2-month mini-lease on an Avis rental is over $1,000. Is there a better alternative?
Tips on finding a job?
What are some loan options for adults who have a college degree but want a loan for certification studies?
Can I open a 529 for myself to pay for an Executive MBA degree I want to obtain in the next five years?
3 fund portfolio question allocations?
Mysterious "DOEP TREAS 310 MISC PAY" deposit appeared in my bank account. Anyone know what this is?
(CAN) I have a employee share program at work, these are all the fee's associated with it, am i paying to much?
I noticed my check was a little light so I pulled a paystub. There is a pre-tax deduction for roughly $160 that is labeled education loan. I had a defaulted student loan that is now entirely paid off (this month) so it can't be that. Does anyone know what this is and if not who should I ask/call?
Should I make daily payments on my student loan?
Why would I put money in to a traditional IRA rather than a Roth IRA?
(CAN) Any experts on Northern Living Allowance in Zone A? First year claiming - wondering about "Additional Residency" amounts.
I have a credit card with a $11,000 limit. Why did a $26,000 charge go through?
Is 50k net worth bad?
Why are people against Municipal bonds?
Advice on my current 401k investment mix? Am i doing it wrong?
27 years of financial neglect, where to start?
A business opportunity has generated me an additional income of 20k for the past year, What routes should I go with this money?
Do I have to file taxes for father's work injury compensation?
how much house can i afford? first time buyer 60k yearly
Please help, I was charged tax on a lot of money I didn't earn. What recourse do I have? (US)
What should I be doing with my finances in a big city?
Bought our first house and had our first child in 2014... tax changes?
I have 25,000 GBP how do I invest it? (see background)
Retirement percentages by age?
Right time to buy a house?
SSA Estimated Benefit Inflation Adjusted?
Rent or buy a house?
A friend told me to defer my student loans since I make less than 30 k and it won't hurt my credit. Even if that is true won't it be be for my credit and interest later on to keep paying it now since I can afford the monthly payments?
Not sure if this is the right place to ask tax questions, but what do I do to optimize my return for 2016?
After careful consideration I too a job with no benefits. How can I possibly compensate for a 401k?
Where to mail form 843 for refund to an employee of excess social security tax withheld by any one employer?
Canadian living abroad in extremely tight financial circumstances who suddenly needs to move back, but can't afford it. Do I have options?
Just got medical insurance through my employer that costs me almost $250 a month. How much should I be paying?
Just changed my employer 403B to a Roth, I already have a Roth on the side and now am wondering if I made a wrong decision. Pros/Cons?
Why does my payment to my school not show up on my 1098-T??
First time Home Buyers - How much to afford? May be Info overload. Details
Someone used my SS# to open a Verizon account. What should I do?
Opening a new credit card but not spending anything on it? (No Annual Fee)
How to budget with a job that pays overtime?
What is the effect of paying my credit card bill multiple times during the month?
I made under $10,000 last year. Turbo tax says I actually OWE taxes ?!
Employers keep asking me what I expect to be paid. What do I say?!?
My brother has not filed his taxes for several years. What does he need to do?
(CAN) Is it bad to have more than 2 credit cards?
Online tool for bill organization?
(GREECE) I have 20,000 Euros in the bank and I am worried about a default. What should I do?
Mortgage Impact with Changing Jobs?
Salary Doubling from 40K to 80K - Wife immediately wants to dig us deeper into debt. What arguments can I use to shut her down?
Starting a fund for a nephew?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of mutual funds?
What advice can you give to a teenager about to graduate high school? (CAN)
Any recommendations on tax strategies for RSUs?
Chase Bank refused to refund me for a check I wrote that was stolen and obviously altered. Has anyone else had this happen to them?
I received a W2 from an employer I did not work for in 2014. What do I do?
How to calculate the tax to set aside after an investment sale?
Is a debit card usable anywhere a credit card is accepted?
Credit monitoring service. Is it worth the money?
How do I calculate line 38 on form 1040A?
Any way to get name off mother's mortgage?
Income Tax? CPA? Help!/
If my credit utilization goes down, will my credit jump up? Or will it need to be down for several months?
If my credit utilization goes down, will my credit jump? Or will it take several months?
Thoughts on buying a condo?
Don't know where I will be in 5 years. How to invest?
New bill: use savings or CC?
(UK) 18 and just started working, what bank/saving account offers me the highest interest rate?
Achievement unlocked: financial security. How do you transition to early retirement?
Emergency fund or Auto Loan? Also want to increase my credit rating..
Looking for 5000 fast. Ideas?
Graduating college at the end of the year, no debt, not a lot of income. How do I move out once I graduate?
My mom took out all of my money from my 594 in my name. What do I do from here?
How much to budget for a child?
Where to keep my savings? (Ally vs. Acorns)
AGI? Do I qualify for a traditional IRA
How do i figure out the value of my savings bonds when they reach maturity?
Best way to reduce debt?
newbie asking dumb question - 401k transfer happening now, how do i file in turbotax?
If you max out 401k and Roth IRA for 30 years, is that enough for retirement?
Help me figure out what I owe + interest? (I have lousy math skills)
IRS says someone else filled with my social now what?
Claiming Dependents On 2014 Tax Return And Signing Them Up For 2015 Oregon Health Plan (Medicad)?
High school student making $70-$100 a week saving for a car, while still having to pay day-to-day items. How do I manage to save enough for a car that won't break down on me?
Filing taxes as a self-employed freelancer?
I'm a single 19 male delivery boy. How much can I make in my job, without having to file taxes?
How should I budget $40,000/year in NYC in order to save?
Could your spouses finances be a deal breaker to you?
Looking into getting an IRA with how much I owe in taxes this year. Any reason to use (or not use) myRA over another IRA? Also, if I owe $5000 in taxes without an IRA and then I shelter $5,500 for the year, do I actually get a refund?
IRS withheld last year's and part of this year's refund due to filing error. How do I get this back quickly (if at all)?
My credit card company incorrectly reported delinquent payments to the credit bureaus. My credit has already dropped 50+ points in about a month. What can I do to remedy this?
Are 2 months of insurance possible?
19, working full-time. 5.5k in loans. Come look/help me with my game plan for paying it down?
Should my part-year resident CA tax be filed as single or married if I was single when I lived in CA?
(CAN) Am I investing in the right places?
Purchasing a Car - Is this a scam?
Fix car, or go buy another?
IRAs : One rollover per year ?
Does anyone else use Personal Capital?
No student loans?
Can I cut down on 401k contributions?
Taxes: I received under a dollar but over .50 cents in interest. Do I file a 1099-INT if I never received one?
How do you deal with irregular expenses in your budget?
Too many CCs?
What to do if you don't get your tax return?
Close longest credit line?
Pay off Student Loan entirely before contributing to IRA?
(AUS) - First time posting. Gaining access to an account in 2 months as I'll be 18. Substantial amount. Wondering, what are my options? I'm new to this.
What happens if someone is gifted/donated a large amount of money?
Can I make tax-free contributions to HSA at any time? Specifically right now, as I'm interested in procuring some orthodontic work.
Paying off car vs. paying off many credit cards: which one should we do?
My daughter's mother claimed her for taxes this year when it was my turn according to our court papers. What can I do?
Not sure if this is the correct subreddit... id much appreciate some general advice if my future living situation is irresponsible/detrimental?
Year old student loan, haven't ever made a payment. How does this correlate to filing my taxes, if it does a all?
Should I even look into opening a Roth IRA with my current situation?
Roth IRA at Schwab: SWORX or VTTSX?
What is /r/personalfinance's opinion on getting dash cams for cars? Is it worth it?
How do I inspire my wife to take charge of budgeting for household expenses?
Charging to an Empty Debit Card?
18 y old with $5000 savings. What should I do with it?
As first time Home buyers, what programs/opportunities can we take advantage of?
Buying a car while I'm deployed? (x-post /r/AskCarSales)
Should I set up a PayPal account? Or should I just continue paying with my debit card for online purchases?
How do you make money on the side? (x-post from AskReddit)
Should I pay my credit cards as fast as possible, or wait to build up cash?
Start Roth for wife or focus on debt first?
What three things do you wish someone had told you about personal finances before you moved out of home for the first time?
20% house down payment???
(AUS) I have two old credit cards with zero balance. Is it better for my credit score to keep them active, or to close the accounts?
Is there any deadline for opening/contribute to 401(k) for 2015 just like for an IRA its April 15, 2015?
Paid off all my minor debts (car, credit card, excluding mortgage). CreditKarma updated and my score went down even after showing 0% utilization. Why is having 0% used debt a grade C and 1-20% an A. Why should I be punished?
Do I need to be saving paystubs and utility/phone/etc statements?
Received grant of 300 stock options. What does this mean?
Why do people say investing in land is bad? (UK) Surely if its value is increasing higher than interest rates its not so bad?
H&amp;R block charges $300 for a filling a 1099-misc, wtf???
Why do people say investing in land is so bad? (UK) Surely if its value is increasing higher than invaltion its not so bad.
2015 Tax Refunds Deposits - Is there a delay going on?
Is it possible to make a pretax contribution to an IRA?
Possible Bank Error - What Do I Do?
Unmarried couple purchase a home, both are FTHB, who gets the tax credit? Is it worth it to see a consultant?
Is it worth it to improve credit score a couple of months before purchasing house?
(Health Insurance) My fiance is currently on her parents' health insurance, but will turn 26 less than 3 months before we get married. What options do we have?
Didn't file a $20 1099-b last year and had no other income, do I need to correct this or notify the IRS?
I'm 28 and have a very large amount of money in stock/stock options in the company I work for. What should I do?
Should I use $5,000 on getting rid of my loan, or buying a car?
Am I non resident for tax purpose? 2 states
Gifting money to children for reduced taxable income?
Emergency fund is much bigger than it needs to be, and wedding is on the semi-distant horizon—should I move a chunk of my savings into mutual funds?
Wells Fargo filed a foreclosure with the credit agencies on a property I never foreclosed on. Now that filing is affecting my ability to buy a new property. How can I get them to resolve their mistake fast?
How does a short sale affect my taxes?
My mother has a 5 year term life insurance policy with over $8,000 in accumulated dividends. What should she do with it?
Father has not filed taxes for years how to I help him?
Can I open a Roth IRA and still contribute for 2014?
Should parents in 50's be taking out a new mortgage on a more expensive house?
Do lines of credit affect credit history the way a credit card does?
I am a 24f and have 16.5K in savings. How do I start a 3 fund portfolio or target fund?
Any experience with UMB bank as a HSA administrator?
Any holes in my balance transfer strategy?
In a rotational position that moves me every few weeks. I don't have a permanent residence. What's my best option for filing taxes?
New 401k. Traditional or ROTH for 30yr old $160k in CA?
Why is contributing to an IRA before maxing out 401K considered the way to go?
Income gap in relationships?
Online store income?
Income gap in relationships?
[21] full time university and working part time. How else can I build up my savings or make money on the side?
Should I regularly renew my fraud alert with the credit bureaus?
Entering my own taxes online... business code and description of business for schedule C?
Anyone have any experience with or critique of Stronghold Financial?
Do I have to file my 1099 r if it is not taxable?
Wife worked from home for an out of state company. Do we get to write off part of rent?
Are there money managers who only take a percentage of the profits?
Does my investing/savings strategy make sense?
Are there money managers who only take a percentage of the profits?
18 years old, employed, going to college soon, looking to open a ROTH IRA. Advice?
Financial planning ... what?
H&amp;R Block says we owe, is this right?
I have both a 1099 and w-2 from my current employer, because whenever my boss didn't have money to pay the payroll company, he wrote manual checks for payroll. I know this is illegal, but how do i file this without getting me or them in trouble?
Is it even worth saving for retirement right now?
I made 6200 and paid 6600 in school expenses last year. My parents pay for room and board but do not claim me as a dependent. Do I have to file taxes and will I get anything back?
Is it true that mortgage interest rates will rise in 2015?
Browser froze while applying for CC. Now I have a second CC identical to what I was applying for. What should I do?
What opportunities are there these days to start with nothing-- or little --and build a legacy?
Work two different jobs, do I need to file both?
I [17] plan on opening my first Bank account for my first college school year next year. What should I know?
What interest rate is worth paying?
Cant find ticker symbol for 401k account funds, why?
How can you calculate how much total you would pay over the entire term of a loan?
I [17] plan on opening my first Bank account this coming Tuesday, What should I know?
Getting my first job, so I need to open a new account, so credit union or a bank?
I have excess money and I want to put it out of reach for a 1-5 years. What's my best option to earn interest or money ?
Upper-Middle classers: do you actively budget or just spend as needed?
Should I Let house go into Foreclosure?
Transferring money from Euro to GBP - how do I get the best rates?
What to do with an inherited 401(k)?
What is the average time length between the day it's put in the mail, and the day my tax refund shows up in my bank account?
Can my tax overpayment from an 2010 still carry over to 2011? I haven't filed either returns yet.
Did I pay enough in estimated taxes?
Car Title Issue... did I just get a free truck?!
State Residency + Tax Issues?
Starting medical school in summer. What to do with my house?
Most secure banking? Last straw with my current bank...
Will applying for a student loan impede or interfere with a first time home buyer?
$0 contributed to HSA, do I still need to pay for TurboTax Deluxe for form 1040 (form 8889)?
Debt Snowball or Debt Avalanche?
Do I make too much to contribute to a traditional IRA?
Outstanding accounts with a chunk of change to throw at it. What do?
Saving up= can't afford it?
I make $5.8k/month ($70k/year). My monthly expenses are $900/month. I have no loans. 22 years old. How can I make smart decisions to invest in the future? I feel like I'm not doing enough, investment-wise, besides having a 401(k) and contributing to my employee stock purchase program.
Is my monthly budget realistic?
Wife has to file for 1099 this year. Does her job have to give her something to show how much she earned?
Should I go through Littlewoods to buy a PS4?
$0 State Tax Refund?
Grandma has a reverse mortgage on her house; how can I save the property?
Having a baby, want to go part-time (losing income and benefits) and work on starting a business...am I insane?
BB&amp;T $8 ATM fee?
Which is better, pay off 1 high interest credit card or pay down the balance on 2 maxed out credit cards?
BB&amp;T ATM takes an additional $2.50 on top of the $3 fee when withdrawing using a BoA card?
Is it irresponsible to take out a car loan in my situation? A couple questions, also...
Ally? CapitalOne360? Neither?
Is it better to make frequent payments (weekly) on a credit card or stick to monthly payments and have a higher credit utilization?
18 and first time doing taxes. Any tips or recommendations?
Why can I sync my GEMB (GE Capital / Synchrony Bank) accounts with Credit Karma, but not Mint?
What would be best way of Managing private school tuition for k-12 ?
My mortgage (oldest account) got sold to a new company. Is the account going to be closed and hurt my credit score?
Living in the bay area on 68k, advice?
Loan rehab, made my payments, now what?
Ive almost paid off all my debt, And I would plan my vanguard fund. I can either start a 1k Min fund before tax deadline, or 3k Min fund after. Explain to me the difference of either choice?
Who gets the assets when you declare bankruptcy and what do they do with it?
Tips of PF that's suitable for someone living in Dubai?
I have a salaried position. I will soon be 1099 for a second job. What do I need to know?
Can I change my Traditional 401k contributions made last year to Roth while filing my 2014 taxes?
40k a year, should I invest in a 401k or use my money for other investments?
Should I commute to another state for 40% more pay?
(UK) Large claim due to motor traffic accident - where do I go from here?
Should I pay off all my loans/debts before I start to invest?
How can a new auto loan affect the chance of a decent mortgage loan in the next six months?
How much cash do you keep around the house?
Could yall help me on a question?
I make a "good salary." Why do I feel so poor and stressed out all the time?
Rolling an old 401K into Student Loan debt without penalty?
Assuming I have the money, is there a reason to NOT invest the max amount into my IRA?
PSA: Don't want to receive credit offers by mail? You can opt out
Is income from foreign-source research fellowship conducted outside of US taxable?
Fake court call scam -- trying to steal my finances?
18 years old with $2000 to put in something for retirement. What should I do?
Why does transferring funds electronically take longer for certain banks?
Dad died and I'm stuck with somewhat expensive furniture - can I donate it and take a tax deduction?
I am 23 (m) and am in graduate school paid for by my parents, have 19,000 in savings and have a girlfriend who has no savings or a job. If she got pregnant right now, would I be destined for financial poverty for the rest of my life?
27 (almost 28), 73k in savings, no debt, no retirement, what to do?
Horribly upside down on a car loan. How do I fix this?
How do you budget in cellphone reimbursement from job?
So I bought a house last year, how does this affect my taxes?
Should I claim myself on taxes?
Good ETFs for a low budget?
protect myself from ebay car purchase with escrow account?
My fiance's credit score is 519. My credit score is 700+. Combined income: about $55K/year. Low debt. Do we have a shot at getting a USDA loan?
Can I afford a house?
Anyway I can find out who has my structured settlement?
Employer won't amend W-2. Any other options?
Filing as an independent for college. Benefits?
Should I buy this car? Details Inside.
I recently paid off my Jared and Kay credit account and don't intend to use them again. Should I leave these accounts open with a 0 balance?
I have just started a new job where they want to pay me commission by gift card ($500+ a month) how do I correctly declare these for my taxes?
Living in NY, Working in NJ. Turbotax huge refund?
Hello PF, what advice would you give Detroit's "Walking Man" since he will be getting around $350k?
Help with deciding on Mortgage Refinancing withing 6 months of a new home purchase?
Cars got towed and I can't afford it. What should I do?
Should I sell my rental home?
You're the pf nerd in the family. You've done it all right. You die unexpectedly. What instruction do you leave your significant other?
My student loan to be reported to Innovis. Does that actually do me any good?
Is anyone else having their tax return take forever?
I make 60 thousand a year with no debt, how much of a car can I afford?
How fast can I do this?
I am unemployed now, but still have taxes to file. I messed up. How can I fix this for free?
Easiest Accounting Software for Self Employed?
What skill should I learn?
Company messed up my W4 withholdings, now I owe a lot of money to the IRS. Is there anything that I can do?
Tax question: I am independent, mom claimed me as dependent. Will I get my full return back?
1099-Misc: can I deduct certification/educational expenses?
What are our next steps for financial health?
I haven't exactly kept up with the whole Swiss Franc phenomenon. Is now a good or bad time to exchange Swiss Francs for US dollars (living in the US)?
Young college student looking to maximize the gains from a recent cash inflow. Any advice?
What are some safe index funds on Vangaurd?
Parents want me to take a loan for them, what to do?
Owe $1k to Federal - Options for Repayment?
Student loans: worth paying off quickly?
[Credit] Would it be best to keep high interest credit cards and just not use them?
Should I by this house?
What are if any downsides to signing up for a lower APR mortgage?
How much student debt is too much?
What's the minimum I can charge on a loan to a family member?
Does my tax situation require a CPA, or will TurboTax suffice?
My FICO score is 697, how can I improve it? Details inside.
Recent College Grad, $7k in debt, no student loans. How do I pay down my debt?
On a student loan repayment blitz. Would it benefit me to pay off the interest in full?
Is it smart to close a credit card with these circumstances?
As a current college student, what should I do to prepare for graduation 3 years from now?
M.S.E.E. worth it?
(BE) Life without a car is saving my family so much money, is it really that impossible for Americans?
Asking credit card company to remove negative marks on credit report?
Can someone ELI5 what bankruptcy is and what happens when you declare it?
Options for moving into a larger house and keeping the current as a rental property?
How would having multiple jobs in one year affect my taxes?
Should I repair my car or buy a new (used vehicle)?
Moving to US for work. Best checking and savings account?
[CAN] Do I pay off all my debts completely first, or do I save and pay off debts at the same time?
Whole Life Policies - Cash 'em out?
Came to my senses and finally sold all my company stock (RSU's) that have vested to me in the past 5 years. I will probably want to buy a home in the next 5 years. I think I owe taxes? I've read the FAQs, but what's next?
Variable rate versus Fixed rate loans, which one to pay early first?
[Meta} Can we get a "New Baby" Sticky Thread or Something?
Can large student debt be avoided by being an international student?
I live in Oregon but work in California. How should I file my taxes?
besides YNAB...what is a good budgeting resource?
Can someone answer a few quick (possibly dumb) questions about leasing with a guarantor?
[Canada] Does accepting a credit limit increase on my credit card affect my credit score in a negative way?
Would paying a huge chunk of my mortgage off lower my monthly payment due to lower interest rates?
Should I continue to let my mother claim me as a dependent?
What should I do with my money?
More savings than debt. Good for credit? Refinance?
Hello! 20y/o, full time student, mom claims me as dependant. etc. I have two W2s, so what should I do with them?
Help with international tax return and change of circumstances? (US/UK)
Improving Credit Score: Delay the payment or Pay immediately?
Does it negatively impact my credit score to have Experian (apparently) listing my mortgage as a personal loan?
do you obsess about benchmark dates?
Is the absurd amount of interest on cash advances tax deductible?
Received a collections notice shortly _after_ I paid my final Comcast bill - what's the proper response?
How much should I feel comfortable spending on rent in a large city?
Best use of $100k?
Since Traditional 401K/IRA are not exempt from SS Tax and Medicare Tax, will the money you withdraw from these funds when you retire be taxed again?
Is capita gains tax rate determined by income level or amount invested?
Considering a job offer? Is it fiscally irresponsible to turn it down?
FreeTaxUSA.com ? Used it but anything I need to consider or anyone have issues with them?
ELI5 how did a one day temp job get me an extra $500 on my tax return?
Made it to step 6 on "I have $[X], what do?", looking for some input. 100k salary and almost no expenses.
Would you give 1 year of your life for $1 million?
Since Traditional 401K/IRA are not exempt from SS Tax and Medicare Tax, will the money you withdraw from these funds when you retire be taxed again?
What's the best way to invest small amounts of money? $100-$500 ???
I'm thinking of getting a personal loan, thoughts?
My mortgage lender does not offer a biweekly payment plan. Can I get the same impact by adding 1/12 of a full payment to each monthly payment? Is there any catch that I need to consider before increasing my monthly payment?
Aggressively pay down 200k in student loans or save?
Anyone use Robinhood???
Quitting a job and paying back my signing bonus. How does it affect my taxes at the end of the year?
What unorthodox tips and tricks do you have for saving money?
Submitted taxes with 1099-R but now received another 1099-R for same distribution?
How come state wages are higher than general wages?
My previous boss still hasn't given me my W2. What are my rights?
Why pay off your credit card?
Does anyone know where to find the average return for a 60/40 stock/bond portfolio over the past 30 years or so WITHOUT capital gains?
What am I missing in thinking about putting money in India?
Should I sell the bond, my grandma gave me in 1988, now or when it reaches its final maturity date?
TAX HELP: I live with my friend's family in Tennessee, but my mom lives in Indiana. Who claims me as a dependent?
What is my next course of action? Legally speaking
In a roth 401k, do I pay tax when it's taken out of my paycheck and put into the 401k, or am I paying tax on it by virtue of not being able to deduct it on my taxes when I file?
Should I Take a Loan on my 401K?
Should I pay because my landlord did not properly maintain a heating unit?
Would paying my kids and declaring it be a viable strategy?
In a ZRoth 401k, do I pay tax when it's taken out of my paycheck and put into the 401k, or am I paying tax on it by virtue of not being able to deduct it on my taxes when I file?
/r/personal finance, what is your biggest pain?
Sold foreign real property for $550,000; tax consequences for bringing proceeds over?
If online tax return says my wife and I owe over $2000 in returns. Is it worth taking it to a professional accountant?
Should I accept a contract position?
Inadequate response to request for debt validation notice?
Has anyone used or considered using a Daily Money Manager (DMM)?
Did not pay last year taxes...What do I do now?
Opening a new credit card. Advice?
What is the best piece of advice you have gotten?
I forgot to enter W-2 amounts from box 12C, AA, and DD. Amend?
[UPDATE] Gave my 2+ weeks notice yesterday, employer is canceling bonus from my paycheck tomorrow. Is there anything I can do?
Best course of action to pay off my Debt quickly and easily?
Best ways not to be a financial failure?
Aunt going bankrupted I think? Need advice.
Does it affect your credit score to log onto transunion for a dispute?
Low income, family of 4, should I be investing outside my Roth IRA?
I have not filed my federal income taxes since 2010. Independent contractor ready to get right with the world. Where should I start?
Quick tax question?
Can I employ my 3 year old as a w2 employee in order to setup and contribute to a custodial roth IRA for her?
Should I rollover my 457 to an IRA or just wait?
Transferring to Vanguard? (Roth IRA)
Open a SEP or invest in a taxable account?
Am I a dependent if living with in-laws?
Is it better to stay in the informal economy or register as a business?
Why does the FAQ not list a section on getting a Job?
I have filed taxes 3 times since I turned 18, I'm 25 now, is there anyway I can still get a refund for those missing years?
Can someone explain exactly how a car loan works?
I'm 21 and what is this?
Fraud Alert: phone number?
Will the IRS care about a penny?
Income will be 5x what I'm making now. How do I balance fun and responsibility?
Is it better to withdraw from an employer's 401k or my personal Roth IRA?
Company's accountant ignored "exempt" selection on W-4, says can't return taxes withheld. Help?
Help, I'm budget blind! What should I change?
Thinking of a 15 year mortgage. Pros/cons?
Fidelity for Roth IRA?
How to start out? X-post from /r/finance
Foreigner Wife (OPT visa) donated eggs in 2013, IRS wants $3k?!
Some thief stole my money. How do I recover?
IRA monthly contribution with American Funds has a 5.74% fee. Is this the norm?
IRA monthly contribution with American Funds has a 5.74% fee. Is this the norm?
Job Offer Received: how to determine salary with bonuses in play? How to counter-offer?
Loan or no?
I may not be getting a paycheck from a job I'm leaving. What can I do?
Federal Regulation on Overdraft Protection?
I'm a 22(23 this year) year old French female who's finishing a masters degree in law in the UK. I'm planning on starting working here once I finish this autumn. What are my best options when it comes to get into the UK system?(Bank, etc)
How can i locate all unfiled w2s?
(UK) I'm a 22(23 in 2015) year old French female who's finishing a masters degree in law in the UK. What are my best options when it comes to "get into the UK system"?(Bank choices are my primary concern.)
18 y/o trying to decide about secondary education. Is the experience worth significant difference in cost?
Switching from custom allocation to single Vanguard fund for Roth IRA?
Is it okay to apply to my job posting after I quit?
My SO and I have long-term potential, but he has $100,000 in student loan debt. Where does that leave me if I marry him?
Should I consolidate my student loans through SoFi?
1099-Misc, W-2, Small business...do I need a CPA?
Am I contributing to my 401(k) effectively?
Mortgage after divorce? Low-income?
How can I get the most out of my tax return this year?
My company benefits kick in at the start of next month allowing me to enroll in a 401K. What should I do?
If you pay for a prefab house (or to have one built) to use as a vacation rental, can you write the cost off as a business expense?
The Great Solar Panel Debate: To Lease Or To Buy?
How much hassle is it to file an amended return? And what tax credits have I potentially missed?
Square Cash? Pros and Cons...
My Credit Card has been comprimised, should I take any other precautions?
What is the difference between Vanguard, Schwab, and fidelity?
My mom called and asked for my soc and address... claims its for life insurance beneficiary stuff. Is this required or is she being scammed?
Money sitting in 403(b) from previous job - what should I do with it?
How much debt is dental school worth?
employer has 401k and roth, difference?
Decent paying career paths without a college degree?
So I've got my money into an online IRA...now what?
Mortgage cheaper than rent, should I buy?
I'm an independent, solo musician and I want to donate all of the proceeds of my next album to a charity. What do I need to know?
What to do if you start a semester at a new school and know you won't come out positive?
My client hasn't paid their invoice... Any advice for client relations?
How much do I need to be saving as a college student?
Should I lose sleep over having no retirement fund at age 25?
Worked 300+ hours of overtime last year (most at my company) is it justifiable to ask for a raise?
Calculating Health Care Costs in Pre-Tax?
Is there a comparable entity to employer-matching 401k contributions for freelance or self-employed workers?
Can I do my taxes myself, or do I need a professional?
Car insurance changed my deductible. Can I fight it?
20 year old with 3 credit cards. How long before I get an 800 credit score?
Whare are your favorite PF blog posts?
May be transferring jobs. Advice on negotiating to keep my rate of pay?
I get overwhelmed trying to learn about finances and am afraid I'm making legal mistakes. I may have not paid taxes when rolling my old job's retirement account into a Roth. How can I check if I did, and if not, can I do it this year instead?
Put in my two weeks yesterday. Boss is threatening to withhold 2014 bonus. What can I do?
Can I withdraw from my 401k?
Pooling money for stocks - What should I know?
Employer hasn't given tax forms- what should I do?
American living in Canada (also Canadian) is there anything I should be aware of for tax purposes in either country?
Problems with Quicken 2015?
Across the board, which advanced degrees (graduate, doctorate, or professional) provide the best return on your investment?
Should I refinance?
No Job Market + Bills/Rent = ???
Can I have your advice please? Might go from $135k to $118k by choice and need to check if it's doable. [Virginia - Maryland]
Do I need a financial advisor?
Does anyone know where to find the average return for a 60/40 portfolio over the past 30 years or so WITHOUT capital gains tax?
I just came into contact with a large sum of money. What to do? (serious)
Will I improve my credit score enough to make a significant difference on an auto loan interest rate?
Are there any reputable credit card consolidation companies in Canada?
Tax Exempt State Muni Bond Index for Brokerage Account- Smart?
Best Credit Card for Very Bad Credit?
H&amp;R Block efiled my state return 3 weeks ago. Where's my refund o my state website shows no record?
Is there a calculator or software available to assist in deciding which loans to pay off when?
Pay back loans (2.8%) or invest?
Anything I should know about consolidation loans? (CAN)
Do I need a secured credit card?
How much are you getting back in tax returns this year?
college grad/ no debt/ 25k saved- now what?
Looking to contribute to an HSA for a prior year; what potential snags should I know about?
My wife's 401K is maxed out. Our Roth IRAs are maxed out. I work for a small business that doesn't offer a 401k. Are there any other tax-advantaged options for me?
My wife and I are having our first child in the next month. Are there any special things to consider when writing our first will?
I'm getting ~$800 back on my taxes and I need to figure out how to maybe invest that and somehow get a decent return on it in a very short amount of time. Is that feasible and if so, how?
Does your household stick to the 50/30/20 guideline?
Normal Fluctuation for an IRA Account?
What's the best credit card to apply for if I'm going to use it for my small business?
New recent job (Nov 14), 401k offered after 90 days (~3/1), can I contribute for 2014?
Any advice for a 24 y/o with crushing debt and limited income??
Car broke down- repair or replace? I was doing so well, this is my first hurdle since getting serious about finance.
Does anyone know where to find the average rate of return for a 60/40 stocks/bonds IRA since roughly 1988?
Lower 401k contribution to pay off 401k loan faster?
I think I over contributed to a Roth IRA now what?
Best way to close a credit card and open another from the same company? (AMEX)
Does anyone know where to find the average rate of return for a 60/40 stocks/bonds IRA since roughly 1988?
Recently Married. I have no student loans but Wife does in an IBR plan. Should we file our taxes jointly?
Credit Score went from 743 to 601 with 8 months over a lowsy misunderstanding?!?
Student loan disability discharge process?
I know this is a stupid question but I can't find the answer- HOW exactly do I invest my money, aside from a 401k/IRA? As in how do I actually put the money into funds, EFTs, etc?
25 years old. Fell upon hard times. Cashed out the tiny 401(k) I had and moved to a different state. Earned income in both states in 2014. Do I include the amount of 401(k) towards my taxable income in both states?
Leasing a car, pros and cons?
What would be the best way to liquidate some bullion coins?
Can you pay off a credit card with cash?
Can I afford to move out after college? And also, how do I make a budget after college?
Subcontracting opportunity requires an LLC - advice?
My employer might be hostilely taken over in 2 weeks. Is there anything I can do to prepare?
Self Employed Mortgages - 400K income: Will I be approved? How much?
What's a reasonable amount of student loans debt?
I trust PF to make the right decision for us. To keep and rent or to sell? Also general advice about DTI\rates and who to use for a lender.
I'm looking for a debt consolidation loan. Where can get the lowest interest rate?
Where should I start?
Company dissolved, signed new hire paperwork without explanation of additional changes - can I still file for unemployment? (California)
I get board with cars pretty quick (2-3) years and move due to work in about the same time span. Is it worth it to lease a car? What are the pros and cons? Is it the same as renting vs a mortgage?
What kind of career path can I follow as a restaurant manager?
My Federal return was accepted last week and I received my refund this week. Just now I received in the mail a 1099-INT for $77 in interest, which I didn't report on my return. Do I need to do anything?
My Federal return was accepted last week and I received my refund this week. Just now I received in the mail a 1099-INT for $77 in interest, which I didn't report on my return. Do I need to do anything?
Are verbal promises of promotion valid at a state job?
Saving for college. Whats better? A 529 plan or UGMA?
What to watch for in home insurance quote that seems too low to be good?
I received a letter in the mail claiming that I am eligible for student loan forgiveness. Is this real or a scam?
(AUS) Getting 23k to pay for uni, how do I store it for 3 years?
I forgot to claim some Savings interest on my taxes for the past 3 years. How screwed am I?
Unique possible bankruptcy situation, any help?
[Serious] Will I get refunded?
I worked as a nanny and didn't pay taxes, at the request of my boss. Now she's asking for my address for tax purposes. What are my options?
If my documents say I put $3000 down on my car, but the dealership charged me $2000, what happens?
Why are Gifford responsible for paying taxes and not the recipients?
Money is currently tight. Huntington Bank is offering 150.00 dollars if I open a new checking account. Good Idea?
Can I count local property tax on land I do not live on towards my federal tax return in any way?
Prudential Variable Appreciable Life Insurance Policy - Cash Value: $8443.30 Cash Out??
So how often do you check your mint.com, bank account, brokerage, etc.?
I'm unmarried and have no children. What happens to all my debt if I die? Do my parents get it?
20 year old with 3 credit cards. How long before I get an 800 credit score?
Should my mom declare bankruptcy? Details inside. (US)
How can I prevent tax catastrophes in the future?
How to figure actual take home after taxes and taxable benefits?
Starting a 401k with an employer I'm about to leave sometime in the next 3-9 months?
As a high school student about to get my first job, what should I know?
Is it worth it to try to refinance law school loans?
I'm 26, I have no debt, and I have no savings set up. Where do I even begin?
Already contributing maximum to Roth and 403(b). What else can/should I do?
Where can I research what my salary should be?
As a high school student about to start my first job, what should I know?
Online lenders for refinancing investment property?
r/PF: Have you looked at YNAB, Mint, or other PF software and decided NOT to use it? Why not?
How long will it take me to build decent credit?
Limited Roth Contributions - What Do I Do?
I moved to another state to work for 3 months. These are the only 3 months that I had earned income. Do I file taxes in my permanent state?
Is it foolish not to max out my 401k if I have student loan debt?
Make money with the new social network tsu?
How to get Gaming(Win/Loss) History Statement from a Bankrupt Casino?
Just did my taxes for the first time. Question!?
unemployed and 18, what to do insurance wise?
Should I sell my house and go back to renting?
Good all-in-one website to manage finances/make investments?
I'm about to start getting $1,800 a month taxed as a 1099 Contractor. What should I stash away for taxes?
How to invest money?
Should I have received a W2?
leaving job, what to do with 401k?
Starting new job, what to do with old accounts?
Co-signer of loan is filing bankruptcy, will I be okay?
Filing taxes while living outside US (Japan) with a US-based sole-proprietorship?
One late payment on Debenhams store credit card (UK) - is this likely to affect my credit rating?
Our lender offered us a "FHA Streamline" option - what's the catch?
78% of Americans think being good with money is sexier than having a good body?
With 4 days left to enroll this year, can someone explain why I should bother paying $200+/month for a crap US healthcare plan instead of taking the $500 tax penalty next year?
Contribute to last year's Roth IRA if didn't make money last year?
Statute of limitation on pending medical bills?
What's the best way to save for retirement outside of an employer sponsored 401k plan?
I forgot to report something when I submitted my taxes. Does anyone know what I should do?
Sell to lock in gains?
Can someone please explain the tax consequences of my SEP IRA to Roth IRA conversion scheme?
[Education] Who's money is the financial aid?
Does anyone have a favorite personal finance podcast recommendation?
Mint.com shows 401K had $8,400 deposited in December as "Lt Cap Gain Reinvest". What's that? I only deposit $600/month.
Selling an older car, will have enough money to pay off current car loan and all CC debt. Should I?
What is the best way to manage my savings while being in debt?
Mint.com shows 401K had $8,400 deposited in December labeled as "Lt Cap Gain Reinvest". What's that?
Home equity line of credit to buy another house?
Renting out existing home and buying a new one...effects on DTI ratio?
Navient and paying individual loans?
Should I use turbo tax or hire a pro to file this year?
Is paying off CC lump sum or periodically more beneficial to my Credit Score?
Why is there a difference between filing joint and separate?
Self employed retirement savings goals?
I'm in the process of rolling my 401k into my new company's plan. The check I received is 500 dollars short. Why?
What would be the best thing to do with this money?
Should I move my savings?
(CAN) Job paid too much, now I owe them money?
Anyone used Langley Federal Credit Union?
Health insurance through open-enrollment or wait for employers coverage?
"Legal Hold" put on my Chase account?
I have $20,000 sitting in bank. How can I use it effectively?
I'm 18, and have $10,000 saved. What would be the most profitable way of utilizing this money?
Is there an amount of time where it's not worth joining an employers 401k (or other retirement) plan?
Becoming a one-car couple, which do we sell??
Should I even file a tax return?
How do you balance PF and family goals when they're in conflict with each other? My SO has high earning potential but stays at home with the children.
Credit Karma: false late payments?
What should I pay off first? (Update)
Would it be wise to refinance my student loans?
How do I input monthly transit passes onto my income tax form?
Should I Stay At My School?
Adding authorized user without SSN - how to help build their credit?
Employer failed to withhold Medicare and Social Security for 2014. Can they garnish next year?
H&amp;R Block alternatives?
Is there or are there benefits to having a will or trust while owning no assets?
Can i rollover my current 401k balance to Vangard Rollover IRA account?
[UPDATE] Job offer received, ready to counter-offer. Thoughts on this response?
I'd like to buy a house but I feel uncomfortable giving up such a large chunk of my liquid assets for a down payment. What can I do?
Low on funds this month...which should I pay?
TaxAct timing out for anyone else?
Got an HSA. Now what?
Visa screwed me out of $300 in Visa gift cards and I wish I could prevent them from doing it to other people, anyone have suggestions?
Study Abroad Summer Law Program... is it worth $10,000 for a month in Rome?
How do I make the best of the money I got from tax return?
Student FICA Exception.. What do I do?
Will Freddie and Fannie give me money for a condo?
What kind of professional is needed to restructure assets prior to marriage?
Help with a gym payment?
How do I obtain a W2 from my ex-boss after he caused the company I work for to go under?
(UK) Would paying for socks weekly, or any small item, with a credit card, and paying it back immediately, improve my credit score?
Graduating college soon, what should I do with the money I have saved up?
Is it legal or possible to use a business loan to pay off student loans and then go bankrupt if your business fails? (Since you can't go bankrupt on student loans.)
Using credit card to clear debts?
First time w/ taxes. Is my Federal Refund too much? State too little? Is H&amp;R screwing me?
Need health insurance but can't afford it. Is there anything that I can do?
(US Tax Question); Started out as 1099, ended up being an employee / W2 . Should I have a 1099 for the first period, and W2 for the second period, or just one W2?
Mortgage is with private bank that requires me to have checking account for auto debit. There arent any branches near me, so I write myself a check &amp; mail it to them to be deposited in my account every month so I dont have transfer fees or have to drive there. Is there an easier way?
61K in student loans @5.25%, enrolled in PSLF, min monthly payment is $175. Monthly payments not covering interest. Should I pay much more to tap into principle?
Worth applying for an ITIN for my wife's 10k?
Checking Account Vs. Spending Account?
I (22M) want to move to another country and not have to work for 1 year. Where do I go, how much do I need, what lifestyle can I lead?
Why don't more people use free tax filing software, such as TaxSlayer?
Is it true that in the depression bond yields where still in the positive?
Moving from Toronto to Seattle. Good idea to buy car and drive there? (CAN)
How can I cancel a credit card without negatively impacting my credit?
Lending money to a friend. Best way to make a contract?
Gave a coworker my 2002 Accord for free. Can I write this off next week when I go to filed my taxes?
When do bonuses and raises happen?
Renegotiating a raise after the fact: am I screwed?
Friend wants to cash out his 401K worth about 40K to pay off high interest debt. Is that a good idea?
Pay for a credit check?
[Budgeting or Saving] I have $7000+ in two 5-yr CDs for two kids. Should I renew or do something else?
My dad is retiring from his own business he started up, as a felon with a financial crime in my history, how can he pass the business to me?
Continue contributing to really, really good 401(k) or focus on other things?
How is credit score effected by paid vs unpaid collections?
Would love some advice: am I in a position where I can live on my own?
[Help] Is my former employer messing with my taxes?
Advice for 401(k) allocation? Please?
If I want to add lump sums on top of my student loan monthly payments directly towards the principal, how should I go about doing it to get out of debt as fast as possible?
My acquaintance, who is an insurance broker, told me to opt out of my employer disability insurance... does this make sense?
What's the best way to pay lump sums toward the principal of my student loans to avoid interest? (On top of my monthly payments)
Late 50s. Working poor, though highly educated, with all that entails. Can't even pay off all the student loans (its not just you, youngsters!). Just inherited 3 million dollars. Now what?
Should my employer be withholding federal income tax from my paycheck?
If an individual won the Powerball and took the lump sum of ~$350 million, how does one even invest it properly?
Made 25k last year. W-2 says 0 for "Federal Income Tax Withheld" I'm single and put 9 for my allowances on the W4. Was this bad?
Is there any reason NOT to open a store credit card to buy an expensive item, and pay it off before the intro 0% period?
What tax form do I need? I am lost this year on how to files my taxes and made a few dollars over the free tax help service in my state.
If I am renting out my upstairs to someone, is there anything extra I have to do on my taxes this year?
Does taking a remote position in Canada, from America, put me at a disadvantage?
How can I get a loan without any credit?
Is there a benefit for a company to pay someone in the form of an asset over money? (UK)
Can I dispute this?
Should I file a 1040x?
Has anyone had experience investing with Robinhood?
Benefits are only providing 650 a week, how do you suggest i get through life?
My car just died. I am in grad school about to graduate in December...should I buy another car or keep fixing my old one? Please advise.
What do I need &amp; how do I prepare for a new apartment?
If my student loans don't have interest, should I still try to repay it as fast as I can? (NZ)
Paid off credit cards, now what?
Rolling over a 401(a)?
Should I declare bankruptcy?
Anyway to get out of a apartment lease?
(IRL) How do I pay tax as a sole trader in Ireland?
In my early 20s and graduating from university in a year, and want to start taking responsibility for my finances. Where do I start?
Best credit card for rewards?
Let's say you won the $500 Million Powerball Jackpot. What steps would you take first, from a legal and tax perspective?
Calculating salary goal?
Using both Roth and Traditional IRA?
How would a 19 year old college student go about investing?
Car was stolen, returned damaged; claim repair cost on taxes?
Vehicle Insurance in case of accident: Will my premium increase? Who will report title of my car?
Soon to be in a mountain of debt for overseas school and living expenses... how can I prepare for this?
Any recommendations for simple PF software?
Unvested Restricted Stock Units and Corporate Splits?
Umbrella insurance for somebody with no auto or homeowners insurance?
Can the state take my inheritance to cover medical costs of a relative?
How do I know what I can spend on a car?
Victim of Identity Fraud - Tips?
If I claim my mother as a dependent does it make me liable for her old debts?
Should i max out 401k or 50/50 with personal investments?
La dette publique française, a combien l'estime t-on ?
In terms of Obamacare, what is my annual income if I made $58,000 last year but am now unemployed?
How would you start over if you had $20,000 in savings?
Should I file bankruptcy?
My parents have almost $200k in a bank account. What advice should I give them?
Too early to apply for another CC?
How to inherit a house, minimizing tax?
Was told I would receive bonus after I left employer, now they say I wont. Anything I can do?
Is my university allowed to do this to me? (financial aid question)
Tax-Deferred vs Taxable Accounts percentage?
Does paying off my credit card weekly hurt my credit?
How to handle per diem in budget?
Looking to rent an apartment. What things should I look for?
Can we afford to move out?
Purchasing a rental property - Can anyone recommend a National Bank or Mortgage Company with low-fee loans?
I pay my parent's Parent Plus loan, how do I get tax benefit?
How much will I have in 30 years if I max out my IRA and 401k?
Recently disputed a collection claim on my credit report and had it removed. Should I reapply for a credit line increase?
Looking for a lazy/easy investment option, how is FFNOX?
Does r/personalfinance have an opinion on lump sum budgets?
I want to increase my net worth and start saving for retirement. Where to I start?
Looking for consolidation loan for two credit cards of $8000, CU offered me $2000, should I apply elsewhere for the rest? Average credit.
Tax Return Question - 403b started but HR said I'm not Vested? Box 13 on W2 has nothing checked - Please advise
pulling out equity to pay off debt?
How and when should I buy a house?
File Amended California return for new car sales tax?
Can my mother keep scholarship money from me?
Advice on making a proper budget?
Options for consolidating/refinancing student loans?
[27M] Do I pay off my debt by dissolving my Equity Fund?
How Much of a Mortgage can I Afford?
Someone to negotiate with debt collectors for me? Does this exist?
Wrongly put on 1099, anything I can do?
My campus did a "quality of life" review and now wants me to pay back some of my given financial aid, what do i do?
Employer matches 7% for 401k. I am not contributing. I claim 0 on W4 but 3 exemptions on tax return. Should I change both of these?
Is it worthwhile to buy medicare and private insurance after kidney transplant?
Still eligible for traditional IRA tax deduction after briefly having a 401k in 2014?
My car broke down again, is it time to upgrade?
Stupid with a credit card in college. It's now been 7 years - shouldn't it be off my credit report?
Guy is telling me he is a CFP, what does that mean?
What methodology do you guys use?
My Relative found a large sum of money, now what?
Father just passed away. Found out he owes $3k in federal taxes. Are we reaponsible?
In making extra loan payments, why should I pay off the loan with the highest interest rate first and not the loan with the highest daily interest $ amount? (X-post from /r/studentloans)
What additional costs will I incur in unemployement?
Personal Loan for Used Vehicle - How to get around exorbitant Finance Charge?
Just received a collections notice. Has it been reported to the credit bureaus yet?
Why should I change my tax exemption and what should I do with the money?
Unusual State Tax Audit––Advice/Wisdom?
How should I invest rent money from new house?
I am having a hard time understand the language for this secured credit card. Can anybody help?
Is it worth it to refinance my car?
Can I afford and get a Home Loan?
How do I transfer my account from fidelity to vanguard?
Sanity check on my budget plans?
Can a log of my cash tips OUTS as a server make a difference on my tax return?
How does accepting a wic check affect my business?
At what point do I start using balance transfers instead of paying everything off?
My employer might be insolvent in a few months, how can I prepare?
Should I consolidate my student loans?
Salary has flatlined for too long. Recruiters keep asking about salary. What do I do to get more?
What is the best way to save money for something like a hose?
Should I roll my 401k to my Traditional IRA or Roth?
Unfunded ??
Salary is flat lining. Recruiters keep asking for current below market salary. How do I ensure I'm paid my worth?
Can I file my w-2 and 1099-misc taxes separately? And are there any drawbacks to doing so?
Prime rate and variable interest student loan?
What kind of trouble is my brother in law looking at?
I am looking to further my investments in real estate but don't have much knowledge beyond the basics. Does anyone have recommendations for some books I could dive into?
I am looking to further my investments in real estate but don't have much knowledge beyond the basics. Does anyone have recommendations for some books I could dive into?
Whole Life Insurance, what should I do?
Major dental work and Taxes - Is there any way I can take advantage of these expenses on my taxes?
For the more mature redditors, what would you do financially if you could go back to being 25 years old?
Owe money to the irs for a job my ex husband was doing in my name. Now what?!
(Advice) Buy a house? Or continue renting?
Is buying a house a right choice for me?
Should I initiate a position in VBMFX with a looming interest rate hike?
Student 15K in credit card debt. Can't make minimum payment now. What are my options?
[21M] From UK, about to start high salary job in US - first steps?
Should I hire an attorney to help me with my student loan issue? Do attorneys even handle things like student loans?
Can my mother steal my college fund?
Cheap investment strategies?
Tax form for 2014 Roth Contribution made in 2015?
Can someone from Becu transfer money your money to your account?
help? Stuck with an investment condo with a friend...
Am I on the right track to financial freedom?
What happens when an adverse account is removed from a credit report after the time is up?
Vanguard account for vanguard funds?
I have a large number of items on my credit report marked w/ "Estimated month and year that this item will be removed Jun 2015".....would it be financially wise (not asking morally) for me to pay this or not pay it?
Dual-Citizenship Holder, 17 years old, benefits of giving up american citizenship because of future taxes?
I was not able to claim my wife on taxes for the last 2 years because she didn't have a SSN, because she has one now, can I claim the money I missed out on from the last 2 tax seasons?
Old landlord withholding partial security deposit. Does he have any ground to stand on?
What is the best way to rebuild my credit?
Need a car soon. How do I approach financing?
Credit counseling?
"Brag" Thread: So how much did you pay in student loan interest in 2014?
What websites will find a job for you for a fee?
Safest way to sell someone an item online without Ebay or Craigslist?
[Credit Rebuilding] My bank offers a secured credit card that I can easily afford with my tax returns. Is it worth locking up my money in order to gain some credit score points?
If I'm planning to move in several months, when should I start applying for positions in my new location?
Landlord is charging my two roomates and I an extra 200 dollars for me to move in with them. Is this legal?
Inherited some property. Keep or sell?
Financing for coding bootcamp: take out loan or use no interest credit card?
Is there any solid evidence that FICO scores truly correspond strongly with ability to repay?
Keep saving or pay off car loan?
What is the difference between a mortgage loan and a standard loan of the same amount?
Increase 401k contributions or invest in asset backed securities?
How good or bad of an idea is this? Is it worth the effort
Received form 3972 for incentive stock options, how do I report on 1040?
Can I put a life insurance policy on my boss?
ELI5: Why is consolidating revolving credit products an issue for banks?
23y/o looking into investing for the first time - bad idea w/ my circumstances?
Pay off mortgage or save?
Getting a large salary increase, what tax free investments other than 401k can I leverage?
Got hospital bill for a visit from 4 months ago in the mail. WTF?
457b: Should I contribute when the plan assets are available to employer's creditors in the event of employer's insolvency?
How to claim a capital loss on stock with a missing cost basis?
Is it worth paying full cover insurance monthly on a nissan altima (2003-2004)?
Buying my first house and just the appraisal back. Is it better for the house I'm about to buy to be appraised higher, lower or exactly what I am about to pay?
A friend was saying that it's sometimes good to not pay off your credit card on time and let the debt accumulate, then pay it off later to show the bank you're responsible. This sounded ridiculous. Is there any validity to this statement?
Just hypothetically, what if the only college you get acceptance from, is one that will leave you with 80,000 to 100,000 dollars of debt?
Tips for sticking to a budget?
Anyone here work in the financial field? What is the day to day like regarding work?
Why 99 Dollar SEO?
What do you do when you've finally saved up enough money for the item you've been saving for?
Can I get some 1099-misc help?
Does personal capital track all your funds?
$10,000 investment in private startup from 10 years ago finally coming to conclusion. How to reinvest/shelter $300,000?
So I recently turned 18. What steps should I take to begin building good credit?
I recently turned 18. What steps should I take to begin building good credit?
What features would you want in a budget software program?
Why is getting a smaller tax return better in the long run?
what percentage would you invest in 401k?
State of residence is Texas, charged $1,200 in state taxes?
Purchasing a new car vs used car. Am I falling for consumerism?
Need advice: Hardship program or settlement?
What is the most efficient way to save for my first home?
Me and my girlfriend both filled at the same time through h and r block. Why does she have her return already when I do not?
Is there a personal finance worksheet like this? (Investment growth after inflation, taxes, and spending)
Setting up Bill-Pay to pay rent. Advice?
Better to pay off 0% interest rate Card as fast possible, or pay it off slower?
Why can't I specify how my overpayments are applied online?
Was just contacted about a 7 year old debt. Any benefit to paying this?
Advice on personal finance? Wife and I need to move and will need to spend much more $ on rent per month.
Do you live in the city or the suburbs (or the country, a town, etc)? Do you think your decision was the best thing for your personal finances and your priorities?
Can I deduct workplace saving plan contributions?
Contribute 100% of my bonus to 401K, lessen contribution on paychecks to lower average tax rate on taxable income?
Rolling over unvested 401k funds?
(US) Can Turbotax calculate taxes for Dual state income?
Refinance student loans with a not-for-profit lender?
401k Early withdrawal to get degree?
Should I pay off my car loan or save money for the mortgage down payment?
Graduating college in two months. No credit history. Help?
Getting married in October 2015. Step daughter (18 y/o) applying for FAFSA and financial aid. Anyone experience with this?
Is it better to invest in mutual funds in lump sums or in monthly investments?
what sort of professional should I consult about inheriting an IRA from a parent?
Best way to invest 18 months of savings for House Down Payment?
W4 and a HealthCare.gov online policy premium - Am I writing this off correctly?
Is cu Student Loans a good option for consolidating some high-interest private student loans?
Tax allowances changed without my knowledge. Now I owe the IRS instead of getting a refund. What happened?
What are some great ideas to invest your first salary?
(CAN) 3V Cash Vouchers?
Pay off loan or put money into Roth IRA?
Received gift of $4000 - given my student loans, how best to use it?
Should I sell my car?
Refi with new rates or keep as is?
How can turbo tax do a direct deposit in to their account?
Live/work in NYC. Do I need to readjust my withholdings?
Is there anything I can do/say to convince my credit card company to raise my credit limit?
Simple question from a beginner. Thanks in advance - why doesn't everyone invest in major (NASDAQ?) companies who have a bad day after an announcement or poor earnings or something but seem like sure-fire bets to bounce back...
New employer is asking me if I want to go Corp to Corp for tax benefits? Any opinions on this?
I have $30k in a traditional IRA that I don't want to manage. What can I do with it?
Are there any consolidation services for people with a negative mark on their credit report (late payments for 90 days)?
Tax help? If income from ESPP/ISO shares sold appears on W-2, do I need to adjust basis from 1099-B?
My wife and I would like to use our tax return to eliminate some debts. Which ones should we take care of first?
$40k/year salary - what is an ideal rent?
What types of bank/savings accounts do you guys have and for what purpose?
What percentage of my income should I be putting away for retirement?
Foreigner investing in US stocks with a US bank account - tax?
How do you keep up with your stocks if they are bought directly from the companies and not through a brokerage?
Why did credit score go UP when I paid off my mortgage?
Any experience with patient advocate medical cost negotiation companies?
Should I go over 20% on my mortgage?
have an extra $2,000. Should I open a Roth IRA?
How long after a period of high credit utilization does credit score start to recover?
Subsidized Student Loan Put in Deferment - any downsides to this?
Going from full-time to freelance. How to prepare?
Just filed for income based loan repayment, was alarmed by how low my AGI was on the IRS site, how can i retrace everything that goes into that number to make sure i didnt forget a 0 somewhere or something like that?
(CAN) I have been paying my taxes however haven't filed them in last 2 years. What are my options?
Will it cost more in the long run to use a CC with a balance &amp; pay off the individual purchase?
$48 dollar unpaid balance is destroying my credit. Help?
24 years old, about to inherit 80,000 dollars and don't want to squander it. Help me?
Is 35k a year enough to live in San Fran?
Has anyone used the online bank Ally? If so, what are your thoughts?
I am wanting to start building my credit, what should I do?
This is me using what I've learned on here for asset allocations, how am I doing?
Did I dungoofed? 24yo female, good health. Purchased "permanent participating whole life insurance with 20 year pay" (CAN)
This is me using what I've learned on here for asset allocations, how am I doing?
Work to pay off my home loan faster or stick it out for 30 years?
What is the point of Canadian Savings bonds?
What's a worthy secured credit card? Am I out of other options?
Would a lender take 85% payment at once to cover entire loan?
Is there a better place to get medical school student loans than the federal government?
Husband and I are looking to buy first house. Neither of us have any credit history. Are there fast ways to earn credit?
Blanket recommendations and investment education: Can we talk about this for a second?
Got a refinance, looked into it, should I go for it?
When to stop paying loans with low interest?
How should I pay back my (401)k Loans?
I want to switch from my debit card to a credit card. How do credit cards work exactly?
How best should I optimize rental property cash flow?
Salary negotiation denied, what to do?
Do you have a credit checking system?
I want to switch from my debit card to a credit card. How do credit cards work exactly?
Should I open an HSA regardless?
Wife and I are buying a house, what is better? Going through a bank or a broker?
I have a few job offers in different places... can you help me decide?
Is it worth paying an annual fee for a secured card that graduates vs a free one that doesn't?
Salary negotiation when moving jobs inside a company?
Ready to do some intermediate-level investing...where to start?
When to bail on my Roth completely? (100% Traditional IRA)
Buying a Car - Loan or Cash?
Cancel Credit Card without hurting credit?
Am I making a bad decision regarding Life Insurance?
Grad student, 23, fellowship, ... and a child? [IRS 8615, "kiddie tax"]
Is a balance transfer a smart move here?
[Credit] What is the best credit card for a person looking to build credit?
When I was 18, I got a two year contract with Verizon and I was doing untill I lost my job and was charged 3 months and cancelled contract. It all totalled $670. I'm 21 and I'm getting a collection settlement for $450. Should I pay the settlement or just wait till the delinquency disappears?
Best retirement vehicle if no 401k, ineligible for Roth IRA due to income limits, and also no tax deduction for Traditional IRA due to income limits?
Is there anyway I can get missed payments off my credit history?
I'm 19 years old and no one has ever taught me anything about money. What are the best books for me to read to understand finances and make me the most money?
How to value unmatched 401k in a job offer?
How do I withdraw excess HSA contributions?
Which Roth IRA Account to open?
Does anybody know of a service that automatically redeems credit card rewards? I'd like to have my rewards automatically deposited to a nest egg account that I don't regularly check.
When did you start saving? When do you plan to stop working?
What's the best way to report $100 of freelance income?
Mortgage went down?
24 y/o Only Child Caring for Ill Parent - What is the smartest way to handle the financial burden?
Can options beat the market?
Looking to boost salary online while living overseas, any viable options?
Credit report "Authorized User" removed, advice?
Contract up for renewal, how can I negotiate a higher salary?
$800/ week in fuel- any way to save?
Personal Finance: Could I move $10 million into my local banks checking account hassle free if a single person was willing to send it to me?
What are some great active fund managers?
Spending $15,000 on a car as a teenager?
anyoption - Binary Options : feasible method of increasing cash flow?
What are some great active fund managers for a $25K investment?
I have a relatively complex tax situation involving multiple countries and companies. What should I do?
Should I start saving for my retirement with private investment companies? (SVK)
Is this legit?
My dad got 50k worth of house debt dropped on him at 70. What do I do?
Do you know of any e2e platform that guarantees complying financial advice? (AUS) or international.
Does anyone have experience using any career development companies? Is it worth it? Can you recommend one?
I don't expect to receive my W2 from my employer. What should I do?
What are U.S. Savings Bonds and how do they work?
Why does my bond fund have an inverse relationship with overall market price?
I've recently come into about $10,000 and don't want to spend much of it. Is setting up a separate savings account the best option for an emergency fund?
G-pop's estate to pay off my student loan...tax implications? Advice please!
Pay period 12/15-12/27 of 2014, paid on 1/2/2015- no W2 for 2014?
$12,000 in debt, advice?
What's the best way to curb impulse spending?
How to save up ~150K to pay off a house?
I haven't filed a tax return since 2010, but I now have a decent income and plan on catching up. What can I expect for penalties?
LPL Financial?
23 Years old, no credit history, denied for a capital one card. What now? How do I get a credit card?
Other than putting my money in a savings account, what's the best way to start investing with a small amount, say £50/mo? I'm British and my company doesn't offer a 401K or equivalent
I foreclosed and my first mortgage debt was just forgiven. How low can I talk down the second mortgage for a payoff?
Should I recharacterize my 2014 Roth IRA contributions as Traditional IRA contributions?
Anyone having trouble adding Citi Double Cash card to their Mint.com account if they already have a Citi visa?
Should I pay for turbotax deluxe?
Over income threshold for Roth, and I have a 401K at work, why invest in a Traditional IRA?
After a few years in default, I received a notice that my $37k private student loan was discharged. What does this mean for my credit?
Does my spouse need to file an FBAR too?
Who pays the taxes on a taxable brokerage account--the account holder, or the beneficiary?
How do I stop student loans from taking all my tax retun money? Im a single mom who is in dire need of help.
Are there any tax deductible ways to help with someone elses' retirement?
Sell 15 year old car for $7k to pay off high interest credit card and finance a new (used) vehicle at a lower rate ($18k incl taxes). Thoughts?
Is My 401k Allocation Aggressive Enough?
I believe Incentive Stock Options were taxed by E*trade when sold. Do you enter in Turbo Tax stock section?
TurboTax wants $35 just to include my HSA info. Worth it?
Mortgage, student loans, car note. What should I be paying down?
I sold stock after I filed my taxes - do I need to amend my return, or does it goes on next year's return?
What is the best way to protect my identity and financial history/credit from my estranged twin sister?? Should I be concerned??
If you were to have a lot of free time in front of a computer at work, what would you do to make some easy, extra money?
Do I need to file forms that show no taxable income?
Is there an app like Acorns that rounds up transactions but transfers them to a savings account rather than investing?
Student tax credits for 2014: too good to be true?
Neglected 401k plans after leaving two employers. What should I do now?
Preparing to buy a house: better to save more or finish paying off student loan?
I owe CA state taxes despite 0 deductions. Advice?
[US] Bought a new car. Can I claim deductions for it ?
Should I drop my investment advisor?
No interest financing?
Bank taking husband to court. How will this affect me?
If my employer funds a SEP IRA account annually with 15% of my total earnings, should I also open an IRA and contribute to that monthly?
First time home owner, just closed but won't be moving in for another month or two. What do I need to do between now and then?
How can I improve on my investing strategy?
Sold stock after filing taxes - do I need to amend my return?
Free Resources to help calculate Self-Employed Taxes?
Should I buy the empty lot next door?
Is this Dave Ramsey video accurate?
Will Canceling A Credit Card I have never used Hurt my Credit Score?
Open IRA to reduce high tax bill?
[taxes] I pay for my own health insurance out of pocket, any tax breaks there?
I've just learned that my grandmother has set up some sort of trust for me. How should this affect how I plan my life?
Rent apartment as vacation rental as opposed to full time tenant?
Should I move my old Rollover IRA to my new 401k, take it out and pay off student loans, or leave it where it is?
Will YNAB provide enough benefit to outweigh the bookkeeping in my current situation?
A kid cuts grass and makes $1,000 each quarter of the year. Assuming that's all he does all year and it's his main source of income, his total for the year was $4,000. Should he be paying estimated taxes at the end of each quarter?
Would something like a home loan ID theft appear on only one credit report?
FHA 203k streamline vs. 203k standard loan?
I'd like to take 50 dollars per pay check and put it somewhere that I can "set it and forget it". Are online savings accounts viable? Is there something better?
Good job, good credit, money saved - what's next?
Is it smart/feasible to convince my employer to increase their 403B contribution by the same amount that I lower to my income?
Will I have to pay taxes on saving bonds from when I was a kid if I put it towards graduate school this year?
(UK)Two credit cards, both reasonably loaded, worth getting another and balance transferring?
1099- B and Turbotax?
How can we improve?
Personal Finance Apps?
Financially viable? $90K income, $520K house
why would Equifax not have my information?
Opening a Roth IRA as an emergency fund?
I keep seeing all you guys using TurboTax - But why? You should be using Taxact.com. I was charged $14.99 for my state, and my federal was free. 1040ez took 5 minutes.
Software to see where we are with tax withholding mid year? (newb question) (x-post from /r/tax)
Voluntary repossession has killed my credit. We're in a position to start chipping away at our debt, where should we start?
I've been starting my search for a job, with a graduation in May. I keep getting dozens of emails a week from insurance companies trying to hire me. Are they legit?
Need a car, no credit history. Best way to go about it?
Does the [Retirement Wrapper](http://i.imgur.com/PWfvdvB.png) work if I'm fully contributing to my 401k, which reduces my taxable income to the 15% Tax Bracket?
What to do with money while still in highschool?
12, 18, or 24 month car loan?
Girlfriend moved to Maine last year from Rhode Island, which one would be her State Of Residence?
Having a friend move in with me how should I handle rent?
How can I earn money online?
Unemployed and Out of Cash. Advice Before I Touch My 401k?
Financial Adviser fees - what does reddit think?
Save, Invest, or Pay off Last Student Loan?
[PSA] Do you earn &lt;53K/yr? You're qualified for free tax prep by the IRS. in-person or online
Okay, I Got A Job. Now What?
I'm 24, just got a car for the first like in 5 years. About to take a certificate class. Any tips for starting over when I get out?
Why no love for Capital One's "Essential Savings Account"? at 1.25% APY
Stuck with a car... how can I make it go away?
I received a mystery invoice in the mail (Identity theft?)
College 529 plan for myself when already in college?
Need help with credit cards? 19M
I'm a healthy 25yo engineer, who is debt-free and married without children (yet). Should I buy life insurance? (DE)
23 yrs old, just had my big break. Coming into a large amount of money soon, how should I prepare?
How would you store millions of dollars in bank accounts?
What are good strategies for consolidating student debt?
Salary and Commission Negotiation for my FIRST JOB. What to expect?
[Canada] should I pay for my wife's schooling to avoid loans or save money in my RRSP or some other vehicle?
What's the best way to handle debts that have been in collection for years?
Can a negative bank account impact my credit rating?
Friend awful with money, thinks he's great with it. Shut up or meddle?
A check was made out to our newborn child. What is my next step?
26, maxed retirement contributions, extra income to invest. Do you all have any suggestions?
My financial advisor told me in 2014, my net return was 9,76%. Is this good?
How much should my parents have to justify spending $40k a year on my tuition fees?
Large difference between refund in TurboTax and H&amp;R, did I mess up?
Last bill from Verizon at old address marked as COL on credit report. Next steps?
Student loan payment calculated wrong?
I took too many loans, and extra money is deposited into my Wells savings. What do I do with that cash?
How should a high school student go about investing? (SA)
Do You Believe Peer To Peer Lending Is A Viable Alternative To Traditional Banks?
Why buy something with cash if you can get good financing?
Mom lowering my credit score?
29 &amp; saving for house - best interest rate products?
Signed up for a more logical CC, cancel old one?
[Another reason to buy rather than rent](http://www.sacurrent.com/sanantonio/the-human-toll-of-gentrification)/Content?oid=2394081
Accepted my first "adult" job - what's next?
Am I allocating my money correctly?
I want to build credit with no errors, I currently have 1 student card and a car loan. I should get more lines of credit, but when?
Is anyone else doing the H&amp;R Block Budget Challenge?
I'm a middle-class American who wants to buy a car, and the only thing I care about is getting from point A to point B with a minimum of fuss and a minimum of expense. What's the car for me?
I work for a student loan servicer (customer service). I know everything there is to know about student loans. Would you all be interested in an AMA?
My income doesn't cover the bills. Sell stock to pay off the mortgage, or just move?
Fixed Term CD about to hit maturity date, thinking of closing it and moving the money elsewhere. Unsure where, though?
Do you invest or save?
How can I stay safe with online transactions?
Wrongful Tax Lien?
What's the best way to calculate when I will no longer be upside down on my vehicle?
Are there any unique advantages to an online-only checking account like Simple.com?
Husband and I both finally have good jobs, where to go from here?
I'm nervous about quitting my second job- can I do it?
What type of credit card is best for someone beginning college?
How much did you spent on Valentine's Day?
Does health insurance in one state pay for accidents in another?
Mint.com ... If I'm not paying for the product, I am the product?
My parents irresponsible with money - what to do?
Apps like Appnana?
Saving up to have 20% down on a house (Around 50k in 3-4 years). Should I invest this money while I'm saving?
2006 model year cash out/refinance possible?
Can non-cosigned loans end up in the hands of a cosignor on other loans?
300k saved - leveraged buyout? Recommendations?
Can I use my 401k for down payment on a home w/o penalty?
How do Form W-4s apply to state level taxes?
Collections for old medical bill I was not responsible for is on my credit report. How can I get it removed? It is currently showing as a negative item.
$206.00/mo is the cheapest healthcare option, how is that possibly correct with my income?
How do I pay for my final year of college?
Bought my first house last year-- filing taxes. What are points? How do I know if I paid any?
[Credit] Would carrying small balances over a few months but paying more than min. payment negatively affect my Credit score?
I'm currently living in the US for an internship, but I'll leave in a few months. I plan to live in the US permanently in a few years though, and I was planning on building a credit score mostly on small online purchases. What is the best credit card for this?
Can a Roth IRA contribution before May 2015 be used a deduction for 2014 taxes? (USA Taxes)
I'm currently living in the US for an internship, but I'll leave in a few months. I plan to live in the US permanently in a few years though, and I was planning on building a credit score mostly on small online purchases. What is the best credit card for this?
I'm currently living in the US for an internship, but I'll leave in a few months. I plan to live in the US permanently in a few years though, and I was planning on building a credit score mostly on small online purchases. What is the best credit card for this?
Insurance Advice: Dentist billing again after procedure. What to do?
Cash out 401k to payoff mortgage?
Free e-file service that will allow me to claim EIC and mileage deductions?
Possible to consolidate high interest rate, PRIVATE undergraduate loans WHILE currently enrolled in medical school and with no income?
Is it bad to buy into index funds when the market is up so high or does it not matter?
Credit score changing without reason?
Getting started with budgeting and YNAB, help WTF am I supposed to do exactly?
How can you make it feel like you get paid 3 times in a month when you actually get paid 3 times in a month?
Employer offers a Simple IRA. Should I contribute additional funds above the match?
W-2 from job I had for 1 week isn't listing "federal income tax withheld" what do I do?
Just settled with collections &amp; wanting to rebuild my credit. Should I wait to get a credit card?
Maximize Company 401k, or IRA?
How to manage student loan repayment and build an emergency stash of cash?
Consolidate or Loan?
Am I taking a dangerous risk by having maxed out my Roth IRA and contributing 100% of income to 401k since January 1st?
How Can I Stop My Husband From Opening Credit Cards in My Name?
Franchising?
Buy a house or rent?
Possible to earn $3k/month with no degree?
What is the next step after paying off my credit card?
When does "driving it into the ground" no longer make financial sense? Why not use your car's equity now?
How do I best consolidate/transfer investments from multiple investment companies into one location?
Is it possible to get a loan approved based on assets rather than income?
I have a little bit of money and a lot of time. What do you think of my investment plan?
Advice for achieving personal independence while still contributing to my family?
I'm a college student getting a $1700 tax refund this year, thinking of selling my car and buying one with better mileage. Is this a good idea?
Am I poor? Am I destined to face a life of poverty?
(California) IRA contributions - is it good to max out my IRA contributions for 2014?
What is the most abnormal sacrifice you made to pay off debt?
Interest-free student loan debt of $42,000: Is it a good idea to pay it off asap? (NZ)
[San Franciscio] When should we buy a house? Or is renting the better option?
Side income going to eclipse salary in 2015... anything I should be aware of?
What are some common financial mistakes people do when retired? Is there something financially they should do or avoid once retired?
What kind of fund do I have?
Is it okay to use cash for purchases and track it in Mint like credit? Budget/loan payoff help please
Leveraging home equity line of credit?
What option is wisest?
Ways to invest for US disabled veteran without IRA?
supose to snow 8-12 inches? would like to make extra money shoveling. best approach?
I just found out my mom has been taking out credit cards under my sister's and my names. What can I do?
Could I buy a house this year? (USA-MD)
Is this the right time to ask for a raise?
My company offers stock at a 25% discount. What's stopping me from buying and selling repeatedly?
(UK) Is it possible to get monthly income/tax statements from the tax office? Did not save payslips from old job who are estimating minimum six week turnaround to supply
What is the best want to deal with this situation?
Just got laid off. Now what?
My company offers stock at a 25% discount. What's stopping me from buying and immediately selling repeatedly?
Job doesn't offer a 401k. What are my options?
Can I get some tips on saving money?
Bonus + taxes + 401k??
File as individual or form business? Not sure of my best route. (FL, USA)
Should I invest FAFSA excess or pay it back right away?
What should I file as my address in my tax return (grad student)?
Adult Disabled Child receives SSD based on Mom's earnings and Mom just died, what happens?
Getting ready to get married, we are buying a house together, my dad is going to help pay the down-payment, how do I protect myself?
Company provided healthcare is going to cost approximately 26.96% of my annual salary!? Options? (insurance)
What do I do with my bonds?
Time to invest in oil stocks?
How horrible is it to take out a personal loan to pay off private (Sallie Mae) student loans?
If I'm young and make decent money, why wouldn't I go 100% into ETFs?
Dad trying to claim me on his taxes?
Consolidating my debts with my personal bank?
Possibly getting a new job with local Government that includes a funded pension at retirement. What to do with current 401k?
Security Blanket OR Foolishness?
Pay off all debt and start over at 0, or stay the course?
Use student loan money towards CC debt?
(UK) Approved for credit card and here's my monthly allowance, Can I lease this car?
G.R.P and more money to specific principal, or S.R.P?
Should I Focus on an IRA instead of a 401k?
19, Military. Need to build credit and buy a car. Whats the best way to avoid making mistakes?
Car loan not on any credit report?
Retiring off of TSP only?
How common is it to employers to match 401k at 33% ?
Should I move and be mortgage free in 13 years, or have a house that's worth more?
How should an International PhD Student with 10K savings from stipends invest?
Should I move 401k and simple IRA accounts from past jobs to single investment firm?
Do I have to report exchanges of funds?
Tuition and fees tax deductions?
How can I legally build credit for a minor?
What is the best method to validating a debt and have it removed from credit report if invalid? I am getting conflicting information.
Acorns app?
Is there any way I can get notified if or before a new line of credit is opened in my name?
Long term plans and inevitable change: What really happens in 10 or 20 years?
What do to with canadian currency?
Just reached $3K goal for investing purposes. What Vanguard fund do you recommend?
Should I pay extra principal for house that I will be moving out of?
Threshold to not report earnings?
Should I pay off old debts, or let them fall off the credit report?
Lost all of my tax docs... Advice?
Checks getting returned or not going through even though there is far than enough money in bank account?
Can I apply for Lifetime Learning Tax credit or tuition deduction if I don't receive a 1098-T?
Coolest/Craziest thing you've purchased with reward points?
Did I do something illegal on my taxes? Neglected to report tax advantaged accounts...
Business Ideas anyone?
Can I get a euro savings account in the US?
Is there anything to do about hundreds/thousands of dollars due in traffic citations?
verified trader review &lt;a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-clYe1a2LA"&gt;Verified Trader review &lt;/a&gt;
Should I sell shares from my ESPP that are still "Subject to Disqualification"??
Federal Tax question: What to do for LLC with pass-through tax treatment where partners aren't paying even distribution?
Bought a house, now StateFarm wants to sell me Life Insurance. Is this necessary? 21 M
Any online software for two tax returns for single state?
I received W2's and also have expenses/deductions in my solely owned LLC. Can I deduct those expenses from total income?
Blinded by the purchase of my first home, give me a reality check?
Am I building credit by cosigning for a car payment?
My girlfriend owes $8,000 in taxes and really can't afford to pay that. What are her options?
How do I best consolidate/transfer investments from multiple investment companies into one location?
Denied phone service - Reasons are absurd. Any way to add info to credit files?
Should I pay it off early?
When is it OK to buy stocks?
Saving house down payment in a short term bond fund/BSV?
Will paying extra on principal help my credit score?
Found discrepancy on student loans credit report, will removing some late payments improve credit?
Should I buy a "cheap" car and risk a breakdown or spend more for something more reliable?
Am I supposed to get a Social Security Statement each year? I am currently 23 yrs old.
Trading stocks and options in my IRA for retirement?
Do I need an accountant? NYC-area...
My dad is trying to tell me filing as a dependent with my mom will mess up my financial aid?
Open another credit card to raise credit score?
Invested my Roth account money in a stock. What happens if that stock becomes worth more than $5500?
What percentage of income (annual) should go to housing?
I am interested in filing for the Online Payment Agreement on the IRS website (120 extension), but should I wait until closer to April 15th?
24/m, $100K+ in debts, some in my parents bankruptcy...what to do?
Is investing 25% of my income into stocks too much?
Applied for car loan, got accepted, credit report shows two hard inquires...and credit score immediately goes up?
Good credit card for gas rewards / deals for a traveling graduate student?
Prior-year sign-on bonus returned, including its federal tax. Where do I get that federal tax back?
Applied for car loan, got accepted, credit report shows two hard inquires...and credit score immediately goes up?
Post office delivered half of my W2... what do I do?
What is one thing you wished your parents taught you about money when you were a child?
I am 16 years old and I wonder what I should do with my savings ?
I've always had one checking account and one savings account. Is there a reason not to have more savings accounts?
What is the right way to begin the home-buying process?
I'm about to graduate college and currently applying for jobs that will be paying sales jobs. What should I be looking at when choosing a career? Also what steps should I take in that time?
Who can file an SAR (Suspicious Activity Report)?
Does a Roth IRA make sense for only 1 year of contributions? Should I just go Traditional IRA?
Should my 80yo mom pay off her home equity loan?
Looking to increase my credit limit on a card. What's a reasonable amount to request?
Anyone know anything about "Crummey Letters?" Or trust funds?
28/m, no debt, self employed w/ shaky income, have $11k to invest. Roth IRA? TIRA? Both? Neither?
401k + Roth IRA + SEP IRA (Is this possible?)
Has anyone else realized this sub could be closed after about 10 stickies?
I'm going to lose my house, what can I do?
Friend is getting divorced, and her ex cancelled medical insurance without informing her. Now she has debt in collections. What to do?
PayPal chargeback dispute?
21 y/o $7,000 in debt havent filed taxes in 3 years and my budget is in shambles. can i dig myself out?
What software do you use to budget if any? (UK)
If you were a financial advisor, what best advice would you give your client?
No time for work? Make money anywhere, anytime, autopilot. LEGIT!
Is a bigger home worth it?
401(k) Funds - Managing diversity against high fees?
If you were a financial advisor, what best advice would you give your client?
I need to put a plan in action. Help?
Mother in the process of being scammed-What to do?
(UK) I am 19 have approximately $40,000 spread out, how to get interest?
Would gifting a $500 index fund be a good idea?
Do we need a subreddit for financial emergencies?
(UK) Is there any way I can save money without having access to it?
Bankruptcy? Or not?
Am I being screwed by my employer? Or is it my ouwn fault
Am I being screwed by my employer or is it my own fault?
working as contractor?
ESPP - Can I sell immediately?
Should I borrow from my 401k?
30k CS post-bac with 90k in student loans already. Is this crazy?
Is it possible to not be approved for a mortgage because the mortgage is too inexpensive?
Is there some type of calculator that will tell me whether I'm likely to be approved for a loan?
Going backpacking in SE Asia from UK. Which credit card should I get?
Disputed charges on a credit card being charged back? Can they do this?
(AUS) $10,000 in debt/Bad credit and about to be broke soon. Is debt consolidation a good option?
Pay down underwater second house or save?
$25k income (single) this year, increasing to $78k (married) in 2015 - How to maximize income and save for retirement?
22yo, is cutting into my savings responsible?
Do you have any advice on minimizing cost of owning a car?
So, I can donate with my tax return, right?
Choosing more than one 403b fund for retirement?
Best way to cover lawyer fees when cash on hand is not an option?
What apps do you use to manage your finances?
Roth 401k or 401k?
Am I crazy for not worrying about high student loan debt?
Moving across country for new job - do I rent or buy? Also, long distance moving tips?
Best way to save/invest while living overseas long-term (UK)?
Unclaimed money - what's the deal?
GF and I just set a budget—Joint Accounts?
Are withheld taxes on W-2 included in the "wages, tips, other compensation" of box 1?
Dividing up a family owned business. What's a fair buy-out offer?
PayPal chargeback dispute? Can I cancel PayPal?
Want to buy a house in 2 years, best thing to put my money into before then?
Where should I open my first bank account?
(CAN) Purchasing a house with my boyfriend, but not legally married. What do I need to protect myself legally?
Retirement Account options when making over $100k?
I may need to leave US before I'm 59.5 as I'm here on a work visa. Should I invest in Roth IRA or in a regular index fund (such as VTSAX)?
Wtf is going on with my auto insurance bills?
I have $2000/month to put towards student loans and savings. What is the most efficient approach?
Whole Life Policy: What should I be asking?
I'm 17 years old and I have a job with an average monthly salary of around £350. What can I do to effectively save for University and my future whilst continuing to keep money for personal use? (UK)
How should I go about purchasing a multifamily home? x-post from r/RealEstate
Equity Release, is it worth it?
Help getting finances back on track after an out-of-nowhere overdraft fee?
What percentage of your US stock holding should be mid/small cap? (x-post /r/portfolios)
Best way (loan/credit, personal/business) to get a little bit on financing to start a small business? From a total finance n00b.
Do you think I'm actually saving money by taking public transportation instead of driving?
2013 tax refund was $2500, this year we OWE $1400. What can we do to prevent owing again next year?
Buy now or wait?
I owe a debt. Company won't settle with me, but will sell to collections for pennies on the dollar. Why?
Any reason we shouldn't be using Mint?
I just discovered that my bank only reports to one credit bureau. What should I do?
How financially stable will i be going into university?
How can I stop my sister from opening credit cards?
I just want to know, is 2500 $ a month is a good salary to live on, in general ?
How do I take job offer to current employer?
Should I Puy My Money Towards Student Loans or Savings? 25yo
Rollover my old 401k to my new 401k or a Roth IRA?
This my Vanguard picks and contribution % allocation. Please advise if it looks good enough?
Should I stay at my current minimum wage job, start applying while still working at current job, or quit and search while unemployed?
Please can someone explain to me why I am only getting paid for 3 out of 5 weeks worth of work? [UK]
30K in student debt, and I want to pursue graduate school. Is this possible?
No 401k/retirement plans offered at job, do I choose a Traditional or Roth IRA?
[Student Loan] Should I increase my repayment amount so I can get a higher deduction on my taxes?
Car buying with credit card?
Living "out of home" with a part time job and crippling debt. Help? [AUS]
Why are precious metals a good/bad investment?
I have 6k and want to get and rent out a condo in Miami. Do I have everything to be successful?
What Percentage of After-Tax Income do you Save?
Getting a 72 month loan and paying it off in 36 months VS. Getting a 36 month loan and paying it off in 36 months. Is there a difference in interest paid if the APR is the same?
Bought a new car 17% what to do? How to budget?
Received erroneous $8000 severance check. Illegal to cash?
Credit card company wants proof of address to return my Secured Funds deposit. I dont have it and they wont return my money?
Splitting inheritance. Give cash to siblings in order to keep more of inheritance invested?
I missed the open enrollment period for health care in CA. What are my options here?
Got a large lump sum ($31,000). how can I prevent a crushing tax bill next year?
Accidental autodeposit to IRA mess, tax implications?
Lost Job Today...leaving on good terms. What are my options for unemployment benefits? Is it the right move?
What is better for my credit score?
I am an American taking care of my Dad's finances in Canada. Where can I get a decent return on his funds? (CAN)
Are Three National Credit Reporting Agencies Enough? - Some very helpful tips about identity theft that most aren't aware of
Prior-year sign-on bonus returned to employer, including CA state tax. Where is CA's tax guide on repayments so that I can get that tax back?
Why should we change our withholding? Why *shouldn't* we?
Just reached a savings milestone....now what?
Mother is laid off (age 58). Is she eligible for Medicaid expansion program (PA)?
If you were a Financial Advisor , what best advice would give your client?
How can I partition up my paycheck, to section off my fixed monthly costs?
Tips for high COL area, student loans, and not great pay?
29/m - 15k savings, 15k debt, 55k salary. 401k?
Graduating soon, what should I do with 20k cash?
Building my father owns went into lien. Back taxes, that whole thing. I'm trying to get things under control. Anybody have any advice?
Associates in Applied Science, how can I market myself for more than 13 dollars an hour?
CPAs of Reddit: My mother took out a Parent's PLUS loan for my college tuition, I have been making these payments directly from my bank account - Can I write this off as a tax deduction for myself?
If I want to be a homemaker in the future, what financial steps should I take now?
My mother took out a Parent's PLUS loan for my college tuition, I have been making these payments directly from my bank account - Can I write this off as a tax deduction for myself?
Never had a credit card. Assuming I have average credit, how fast can I get one, for how much, can I pull cash from it, and what will happen if I hit the limit within a month?
Would you be willing to donate a dollar to make a difference?
What are the financial advantages or disadvantages of a "cultural marriage" over a standard "legal marriage"? (MN, USA)
Are graduate students residents of the state of their school for tax purposes?
Can I do a back door Roth if I already have a Rollover IRA? Am I doing this right?
Accidentally claimed 7 personal allowances on W4 instead of 1, resulting in $1884 being owed. Steps to take before I file my taxes through TurboTax?
35yo back to school... How do I afford this?
prenup?
Should I Pay Foreign Collection Agency? (paypal subscription cancelled, but they still want payment)
What is one thing you wished your parents taught you about money when you were a child?
Should I postpone marriage in order to protect my SO from my debt?
Accidentally overfunded my Traditional IRA. How do I fix this?
After Roth and SEP IRA, where does my retirement money go? [first post!]
ELI5 - employee stock options?
How does the actual life insurance payout process work? One lump sum? Do they write you a check? How about direct deposit?
I've always claimed 0 exemptions on my W4 - why should I change? How will affect my take home pay/tax returns?
Musician problems: horrible credit score. How do I fix this?
Why does my pay stub say I worked 40 hours?
Starting grad school. Where should I keep my student loan disbursements? Savings? ETF? Something else?
Avoiding Monthly Interest Hits?
Possibly misinformed about how 401k/IRA is taxed, didn't include it on my taxes. Now what?
Internet rate increased this month, any options?
Any opinions on putting all my bills (necessity only) on a credit card and making one payment a month? Considering this.. trying to simplify things.. having trouble saving
Do I really need a savings account?
I am 29, ~$15,000 in savings, ~$1500 in RothIRA, ~$50,000 in student loan debt. Pay debt or enroll in 401k?
Should I pay off my big student loans or open an IRA?
Take out a Personal Loan for the sole purpose of improving credit?
Extra $150 income for the next 10 months, should I save it up or invest on learning and/or learning improvement?
Figuring taxes as a contract employee?
How do I move money from a Bank of America account into my English bank account?
My 20y/o roommate is in financial trouble and too proud to get assistance, help?
Does the $18k max contribution to your 401k include your employer's match?
How much to spend on rent/home?
Do company cards accrue credit? Is there a way to get them to?
Loan Amortization Table with late payments?
My mom has $0 in retirement funds at age 60 and also at least $120k in loans. Including CC debt and unpaid assets, I'm guessing it's somewhere between $300k and $500k debt altogether. I want to email a financial advisor to set up an appointment about this. What exactly do I say in this email?
Hoping to wisely use my Roth IRA source through TD Ameritrade. Do you have any advise on how to invest and what I should look for in the future?
Mortgage pre-qualification amount - should I be concerned?
High Emergency Room Bill-any tips on reducing it? (b4 insurance)
18M Credit Score is 4?
17yo, about to attend college on a full scholarship for tuition. I will be receiving a stipend of about $3500 per year, though I will not have access to it until after I graduate. How can I put this stipend to work while I'm in school?
Must I build an emergency fund before paying off debt?
Received an incorrect 1099, client and I did not part on good terms and they refuse to correct the amount, what can I do?
24k income tax debt. What are my options?
Should I move old 401k to a traditional IRA?
Considering purchasing a car 2 hours away. What are the most important questions to ask over the phone so I don't drive there for nothing?
Graduate school worth it if I don't know what to do with my life?
Buying Second House - First home as collateral?
About to graduate into the healthcare field with many routes. Which to take?
Went exempt....what did I do?
Considering purchasing a car 2 hours away. What are the most important questions to ask over the phone so I don't drive there for nothing?
Unlimited Roth IRA contribution through conversion?
What type of insurance should everyone have?
Is there a site besides Mint.com that you can recommend for online financial tracking?
Is whole life ever a good idea?
If you could do it all over again, what would you do differently?
Will a money market account help prepare me to survive nursing school?
Credit Card Recommendations (Rewards)?
What should you do with inherited retirement accounts?
I have totally screwed up my Sales and Use tax. Am I going to be in trouble? [FL]
Paying off CC's all at once?
Should I move $5500 into a Roth IRA? Should I put toward student loans? How should I allocate my money?
This is my 401k picks and % contributions. Am I diversified enough to simulate Total Market Index Fund?
I've inherited several hundred thousand dollars from a wealthy uncle. What do you think about investing this money entirely into multiple Timeshares?
I am currently in the military about to go on deployment and unable to go to school/seminars, any ideas on where to start?
Can a college take back financial aid that has already been given, even if it was from fall semester?
Jobs for poor suicidal minority?
Should I file taxes or let my parents claim me?
Should i file my own taxes?
Is there any merit to FutureAdvisor's criticism of the 3 fund portfolio?
401k allocations - what are my best options?
Traditional IRA contribution with after-tax money?
I have bought stock for the first time in 2014, but did no selling. Do I have to have to announce this in my taxes?
a deposit of $3060 was made to my account at BoA, online account only shows a $3,000 deposit, what can I do?
Unemployed: Haven't filed taxed since 2010, how screwed am i?
Found out 2013 taxes were filed late even though our tax guy was given all things needed well within the timeframe to file on time. What can we do?
Where to find a good financial advisor?
Should I get an auto loan?
Can someone help me understand using tax advantaged accounts to my benefit?
Those with heavy student loan debt: what keeps motivating you?
Missed a quarterly tax payment in 2013 and didn't realize it until after taxes were filed. Now what?
I have problems spending money, I little advice please? (UK)
Disadvantage to filing taxes "Married Filing Separately"?
Realistically, in say 30 years, what will $1,000,000 be worth in today's dollars?
Check payable to a prison inmate, how to handle?
Advice on leasing a car?
Should little to no activity checking accounts be closed, or kept open?
Does it make sense to refinance my student loans?
What to do with credit card reward points?
401(k) / 403(b) question??
Best repayment method for student loans?
Better to buy car outright or get payment plan and put money towards other vices?
Didn't pay quarterly taxes, how do I figure out the penalty?
Debt Consolidation or Carry on as is?
Got a job offer. How should I negotiate?
Good morning, /r/PersonalFinance. Worked a W2 job and also as a contractor last year. How would I go about filing the necessary paperwork?
I'm newly 18 and going to a community college for two years before university. In that time in between, I want to be able to save as much money as possible, however, I don't have a computer. Are there any good mobile-friendly budgeting tools or apps?
Wiser to Rent or Buy?
Am I missing something about my company's 401k?
My father just got a $20 increase in his disability payment from $955 to $975! But in doing so, apparently lost and became ineligible for Medicaid for two years. Any way for him to pay for his oxygen tanks and other medical expenses?
Are there any good mobile-friendly budgeting tools or apps?
Advice for investing. 401K, Roth IRA, VUL??
A 10 month road to freedom?
My father just got an increase in his monthly disability payment! However for some reason that made him ineligible for Medicaid. How can he pay medical expenses?
Tax question: Deducting expenses someone else paid for when I didn't have a bank account?
